Last metadata expiration check: 2 days, 17:07:48 ago on Sat May  7 19:46:30 2016.
Installed Packages
Cython.armv7hl                          0.23-1.fc23                     @updates
GConf2.armv7hl                          3.2.6-15.fc23                   @fedora 
ImageMagick.armv7hl                     6.9.2.7-1.fc23                  @updates
ImageMagick-libs.armv7hl                6.9.2.7-1.fc23                  @updates
LibRaw.armv7hl                          0.16.2-3.fc23                   @updates
ModemManager.armv7hl                    1.4.14-1.fc23                   @updates
ModemManager-glib.armv7hl               1.4.14-1.fc23                   @updates
NetworkManager.armv7hl                  1:1.0.12-2.fc23                 @updates
NetworkManager-adsl.armv7hl             1:1.0.12-2.fc23                 @updates
NetworkManager-bluetooth.armv7hl        1:1.0.12-2.fc23                 @updates
NetworkManager-glib.armv7hl             1:1.0.12-2.fc23                 @updates
NetworkManager-iodine.armv7hl           0.0.5-2.fc23                    @fedora 
NetworkManager-iodine-gnome.armv7hl     0.0.5-2.fc23                    @fedora 
NetworkManager-l2tp.armv7hl             0.9.8.7-4.fc23                  @fedora 
NetworkManager-libnm.armv7hl            1:1.0.12-2.fc23                 @updates
NetworkManager-openconnect.armv7hl      1.0.8-1.fc23                    @updates
NetworkManager-openswan.armv7hl         1.0.8-3.fc23                    @updates
NetworkManager-openswan-gnome.armv7hl   1.0.8-3.fc23                    @updates
NetworkManager-openvpn.armv7hl          1:1.0.8-2.fc23                  @updates
NetworkManager-openvpn-gnome.armv7hl    1:1.0.8-2.fc23                  @updates
NetworkManager-pptp.armv7hl             1:1.1.0-2.20150428git695d4f2.fc23
                                                                        @fedora 
NetworkManager-pptp-gnome.armv7hl       1:1.1.0-2.20150428git695d4f2.fc23
                                                                        @fedora 
NetworkManager-team.armv7hl             1:1.0.12-2.fc23                 @updates
NetworkManager-vpnc.armv7hl             1:1.0.8-1.fc23                  @updates
NetworkManager-vpnc-gnome.armv7hl       1:1.0.8-1.fc23                  @updates
NetworkManager-wifi.armv7hl             1:1.0.12-2.fc23                 @updates
NetworkManager-wwan.armv7hl             1:1.0.12-2.fc23                 @updates
OpenEXR-libs.armv7hl                    2.2.0-4.fc23                    @fedora 
PackageKit.armv7hl                      1.0.11-1.fc23                   @updates
PackageKit-glib.armv7hl                 1.0.11-1.fc23                   @updates
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.armv7hl     1.0.11-1.fc23                   @updates
SDL.armv7hl                             1.2.15-20.fc23                  @updates
SDL_image.armv7hl                       1.2.12-13.fc23                  @updates
a52dec.armv7hl                          0.7.4-19.fc23                   @rpmfusion-free-updates-testing
aalib-libs.armv7hl                      1.4.0-0.27.rc5.fc23             @fedora 
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch          0.0.17.2-1.fc23                 @fedora 
abrt.armv7hl                            2.8.0-5.fc23                    @updates
abrt-addon-ccpp.armv7hl                 2.8.0-5.fc23                    @updates
abrt-addon-coredump-helper.armv7hl      2.8.0-5.fc23                    @updates
abrt-addon-kerneloops.armv7hl           2.8.0-5.fc23                    @updates
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.armv7hl           2.8.0-5.fc23                    @updates
abrt-addon-python3.armv7hl              2.8.0-5.fc23                    @updates
abrt-addon-vmcore.armv7hl               2.8.0-5.fc23                    @updates
abrt-addon-xorg.armv7hl                 2.8.0-5.fc23                    @updates
abrt-dbus.armv7hl                       2.8.0-5.fc23                    @updates
abrt-desktop.armv7hl                    2.8.0-5.fc23                    @updates
abrt-gui.armv7hl                        2.8.0-5.fc23                    @updates
abrt-gui-libs.armv7hl                   2.8.0-5.fc23                    @updates
abrt-java-connector.armv7hl             1.1.0-6.fc23                    @fedora 
abrt-libs.armv7hl                       2.8.0-5.fc23                    @updates
abrt-plugin-bodhi.armv7hl               2.8.0-5.fc23                    @updates
abrt-python3.armv7hl                    2.8.0-5.fc23                    @updates
abrt-retrace-client.armv7hl             2.8.0-5.fc23                    @updates
accountsservice.armv7hl                 0.6.40-2.fc23                   @fedora 
acl.armv7hl                             2.2.52-10.fc23                  @System 
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch             3.18.0-1.fc23                   @fedora 
adwaita-gtk2-theme.armv7hl              3.18.0-1.fc23                   @fedora 
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch               3.18.0-1.fc23                   @fedora 
alsa-firmware.noarch                    1.0.29-2.fc23                   @fedora 
alsa-lib.armv7hl                        1.1.1-1.fc23                    @updates
alsa-tools.armv7hl                      1.1.0-2.fc23                    @updates
alsa-tools-firmware.armv7hl             1.1.0-2.fc23                    @updates
alsa-utils.armv7hl                      1.1.1-1.fc23                    @updates
alsamixergui.armv7hl                    0.9.0-0.21.rc2.fc23             @fedora 
anaconda-core.armv7hl                   23.19.10-1.fc23                 @System 
anaconda-gui.armv7hl                    23.19.10-1.fc23                 @fedora 
anaconda-tui.armv7hl                    23.19.10-1.fc23                 @System 
anaconda-user-help.noarch               22.4-2.fc23                     @fedora 
anaconda-widgets.armv7hl                23.19.10-1.fc23                 @fedora 
ant.noarch                              1.9.6-2.fc23                    @fedora 
ant-lib.noarch                          1.9.6-2.fc23                    @fedora 
assimp.armv7hl                          3.1.1-5.fc23                    @fedora 
astronomy-bookmarks.noarch              1-13.fc23                       @fedora 
at-spi2-atk.armv7hl                     2.18.1-1.fc23                   @fedora 
at-spi2-core.armv7hl                    2.18.3-1.fc23                   @updates
atk.armv7hl                             2.18.0-1.fc23                   @fedora 
atk-devel.armv7hl                       2.18.0-1.fc23                   @fedora 
atkmm.armv7hl                           2.24.1-1.fc23                   @fedora 
atlas.armv7hl                           3.10.2-6.fc23                   @fedora 
atlas-devel.armv7hl                     3.10.2-6.fc23                   @fedora 
atmel-firmware.noarch                   1.3-14.fc23                     @System 
atril.armv7hl                           1.12.2-1.fc23                   @updates
atril-caja.armv7hl                      1.12.2-1.fc23                   @updates
atril-libs.armv7hl                      1.12.2-1.fc23                   @updates
audit.armv7hl                           2.5.1-1.fc23                    @updates
audit-libs.armv7hl                      2.5.1-1.fc23                    @updates
audit-libs-python3.armv7hl              2.5.1-1.fc23                    @updates
augeas-libs.armv7hl                     1.4.0-2.fc23                    @System 
authconfig.armv7hl                      6.2.10-10.fc23                  @System 
autoconf.noarch                         2.69-21.fc23                    @fedora 
autogen-libopts.armv7hl                 5.18.6-1.fc23                   @fedora 
automake.noarch                         1.15-4.fc23                     @fedora 
avahi-autoipd.armv7hl                   0.6.32-1.fc23                   @updates
avahi-glib.armv7hl                      0.6.32-1.fc23                   @updates
avahi-libs.armv7hl                      0.6.32-1.fc23                   @updates
b43-fwcutter.armv7hl                    019-5.fc23                      @System 
b43-openfwwf.noarch                     5.2-12.fc23                     @System 
basesystem.noarch                       11-1.fc23                       @System 
bash.armv7hl                            4.3.42-3.fc23                   @updates
bcache-tools.armv7hl                    1.0.8-4.fc23                    @System 
bind99-libs.armv7hl                     9.9.8-4.P4.fc23                 @updates
bind99-license.noarch                   9.9.8-4.P4.fc23                 @updates
binutils.armv7hl                        2.25-17.fc23                    @updates
bison.armv7hl                           3.0.4-3.fc23                    @updates
blas.armv7hl                            3.5.0-12.fc23                   @fedora 
blas-devel.armv7hl                      3.5.0-12.fc23                   @fedora 
bliss.armv7hl                           0.73-1.fc23                     @fedora 
bliss-devel.armv7hl                     0.73-1.fc23                     @fedora 
bliss-libs.armv7hl                      0.73-1.fc23                     @fedora 
blivet-data.noarch                      1:1.12.8-1.fc23                 @System 
blueman.armv7hl                         2.1-0.3.git7a2e20e.fc23         @fedora 
bluez.armv7hl                           5.39-1.fc23                     @updates
bluez-libs.armv7hl                      5.39-1.fc23                     @updates
boost.armv7hl                           1.58.0-11.fc23                  @updates
boost-atomic.armv7hl                    1.58.0-11.fc23                  @updates
boost-chrono.armv7hl                    1.58.0-11.fc23                  @updates
boost-container.armv7hl                 1.58.0-11.fc23                  @updates
boost-context.armv7hl                   1.58.0-11.fc23                  @updates
boost-coroutine.armv7hl                 1.58.0-11.fc23                  @updates
boost-date-time.armv7hl                 1.58.0-11.fc23                  @updates
boost-devel.armv7hl                     1.58.0-11.fc23                  @updates
boost-filesystem.armv7hl                1.58.0-11.fc23                  @updates
boost-graph.armv7hl                     1.58.0-11.fc23                  @updates
boost-iostreams.armv7hl                 1.58.0-11.fc23                  @updates
boost-locale.armv7hl                    1.58.0-11.fc23                  @updates
boost-log.armv7hl                       1.58.0-11.fc23                  @updates
boost-math.armv7hl                      1.58.0-11.fc23                  @updates
boost-program-options.armv7hl           1.58.0-11.fc23                  @updates
boost-python.armv7hl                    1.58.0-11.fc23                  @updates
boost-random.armv7hl                    1.58.0-11.fc23                  @updates
boost-regex.armv7hl                     1.58.0-11.fc23                  @updates
boost-serialization.armv7hl             1.58.0-11.fc23                  @updates
boost-signals.armv7hl                   1.58.0-11.fc23                  @updates
boost-system.armv7hl                    1.58.0-11.fc23                  @updates
boost-test.armv7hl                      1.58.0-11.fc23                  @updates
boost-thread.armv7hl                    1.58.0-11.fc23                  @updates
boost-timer.armv7hl                     1.58.0-11.fc23                  @updates
boost-wave.armv7hl                      1.58.0-11.fc23                  @updates
brasero-libs.armv7hl                    3.12.1-3.fc23                   @updates
btrfs-progs.armv7hl                     4.4.1-1.fc23                    @updates
byacc.armv7hl                           1.9.20141128-2.fc23             @fedora 
bzip2-libs.armv7hl                      1.0.6-19.fc23                   @updates
ca-certificates.noarch                  2016.2.7-1.0.fc23               @updates
cairo.armv7hl                           1.14.2-2.fc23                   @fedora 
cairo-devel.armv7hl                     1.14.2-2.fc23                   @fedora 
cairo-gobject.armv7hl                   1.14.2-2.fc23                   @fedora 
cairomm.armv7hl                         1.12.0-1.fc23                   @fedora 
caja.armv7hl                            1.12.7-1.fc23                   @updates
caja-extensions.armv7hl                 1.12.7-1.fc23                   @updates
caja-extensions-common.noarch           1.12.0-1.fc23                   @updates
caja-image-converter.armv7hl            1.12.0-1.fc23                   @updates
caja-open-terminal.armv7hl              1.12.0-1.fc23                   @updates
caja-schemas.armv7hl                    1.12.7-1.fc23                   @updates
caja-sendto.armv7hl                     1.12.0-1.fc23                   @updates
caja-wallpaper.armv7hl                  1.12.0-1.fc23                   @updates
ccache.armv7hl                          3.2.4-1.fc23                    @updates
cdparanoia-libs.armv7hl                 10.2-20.fc23                    @fedora 
check.armv7hl                           0.10.0-1.fc23                   @fedora 
check-devel.armv7hl                     0.10.0-1.fc23                   @fedora 
checkpolicy.armv7hl                     2.4-1.fc23.1                    @fedora 
chkconfig.armv7hl                       1.7-1.fc23                      @updates
chrony.armv7hl                          2.1.1-2.fc23                    @updates
claws-mail.armv7hl                      3.13.2-1.fc23                   @updates
clucene09-core.armv7hl                  0.9.21b-15.fc23                 @fedora 
clutter.armv7hl                         1.24.2-1.fc23                   @fedora 
clutter-gtk.armv7hl                     1.6.6-1.fc23                    @fedora 
cmake.armv7hl                           3.4.1-4.fc23                    @updates
cmake-gui.armv7hl                       3.4.1-4.fc23                    @updates
cogl.armv7hl                            1.22.0-2.fc23                   @fedora 
colord-libs.armv7hl                     1.2.12-1.fc23                   @fedora 
compface.armv7hl                        1.5.2-20.fc23                   @fedora 
comps-extras.noarch                     23-3.fc23                       @fedora 
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                 1.1-3.fc23                      @updates
coreutils.armv7hl                       8.24-6.fc23                     @updates
cpio.armv7hl                            2.11-36.fc23                    @System 
cpp.armv7hl                             5.3.1-6.fc23                    @updates
cracklib.armv7hl                        2.9.1-6.fc23                    @System 
cracklib-dicts.armv7hl                  2.9.1-6.fc23                    @System 
crda.armv7hl                            3.18_2016.02.08-1.fc23          @updates
createrepo_c.armv7hl                    0.10.0-5.fc23                   @updates
createrepo_c-libs.armv7hl               0.10.0-5.fc23                   @updates
cronie.armv7hl                          1.5.0-3.fc23                    @System 
cronie-anacron.armv7hl                  1.5.0-3.fc23                    @System 
crontabs.noarch                         1.11-11.20150630git.fc23        @System 
crypto-policies.noarch                  20151104-1.gitf1cba5f.fc23      @updates
cryptsetup.armv7hl                      1.6.8-2.fc23                    @fedora 
cryptsetup-libs.armv7hl                 1.6.8-2.fc23                    @System 
cscope.armv7hl                          15.8-12.fc23                    @fedora 
ctags.armv7hl                           5.8-17.fc23                     @fedora 
cups-libs.armv7hl                       1:2.1.3-1.fc23                  @updates
curl.armv7hl                            7.43.0-6.fc23                   @updates
cyrus-sasl-lib.armv7hl                  2.1.26-25.2.fc23                @System 
dbus.armv7hl                            1:1.10.8-1.fc23                 @updates
dbus-glib.armv7hl                       0.106-1.fc23                    @updates
dbus-libs.armv7hl                       1:1.10.8-1.fc23                 @updates
dbus-python.armv7hl                     1.2.0-12.fc23                   @updates
dbus-x11.armv7hl                        1:1.10.8-1.fc23                 @updates
dconf.armv7hl                           0.24.0-2.fc23                   @fedora 
dconf-editor.armv7hl                    3.18.2-1.fc23                   @updates
dejavu-fonts-common.noarch              2.35-2.fc23                     @fedora 
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                2.35-2.fc23                     @fedora 
dejavu-sans-mono-fonts.noarch           2.35-2.fc23                     @fedora 
dejavu-serif-fonts.noarch               2.35-2.fc23                     @fedora 
deltarpm.armv7hl                        3.6-13.fc23                     @updates
desktop-backgrounds-compat.noarch       23.0.0-1.fc23                   @fedora 
desktop-file-utils.armv7hl              0.22-5.fc23                     @fedora 
device-mapper.armv7hl                   1.02.109-2.fc23                 @updates
device-mapper-event.armv7hl             1.02.109-2.fc23                 @updates
device-mapper-event-libs.armv7hl        1.02.109-2.fc23                 @updates
device-mapper-libs.armv7hl              1.02.109-2.fc23                 @updates
device-mapper-multipath.armv7hl         0.4.9-80.fc23                   @System 
device-mapper-multipath-libs.armv7hl    0.4.9-80.fc23                   @System 
device-mapper-persistent-data.armv7hl   0.6.2-0.1.rc6.fc23              @updates
dhcp-client.armv7hl                     12:4.3.3-8.P1.fc23              @updates
dhcp-common.noarch                      12:4.3.3-8.P1.fc23              @updates
dhcp-libs.armv7hl                       12:4.3.3-8.P1.fc23              @updates
diffutils.armv7hl                       3.3-12.fc23                     @System 
djvulibre-libs.armv7hl                  3.5.25.3-17.fc23                @fedora 
dmraid.armv7hl                          1.0.0.rc16-28.fc23              @System 
dmraid-events.armv7hl                   1.0.0.rc16-28.fc23              @System 
dnf.noarch                              1.1.8-1.fc23                    @updates
dnf-conf.noarch                         1.1.8-1.fc23                    @updates
dnf-langpacks.noarch                    0.15.1-1.fc23                   @fedora 
dnf-langpacks-conf.noarch               0.15.1-1.fc23                   @fedora 
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                 0.1.20-1.fc23                   @updates
dnf-yum.noarch                          1.1.8-1.fc23                    @updates
dnfdaemon.noarch                        0.3.11-1.fc23                   @updates
dnsmasq.armv7hl                         2.75-3.fc23                     @updates
docbook-dtds.noarch                     1.0-64.fc23                     @fedora 
docbook-style-dsssl.noarch              1.79-21.fc23                    @fedora 
docbook-style-xsl.noarch                1.78.1-4.fc23                   @fedora 
docbook-utils.noarch                    0.6.14-39.fc23                  @fedora 
dosfstools.armv7hl                      3.0.28-1.fc23                   @System 
doxygen.armv7hl                         1:1.8.10-6.fc23                 @updates
dracut.armv7hl                          043-63.git20151211.fc23         @updates
dracut-config-rescue.armv7hl            043-63.git20151211.fc23         @updates
dracut-network.armv7hl                  043-63.git20151211.fc23         @updates
dropbox-api-command.noarch              1.17-5.fc23                     @fedora 
drpm.armv7hl                            0.2.0-3.fc23                    @System 
dtc.armv7hl                             1.4.1-4.fc23                    @System 
dwz.armv7hl                             0.12-1.fc23                     @fedora 
e2fsprogs.armv7hl                       1.42.13-3.fc23                  @System 
e2fsprogs-libs.armv7hl                  1.42.13-3.fc23                  @System 
ebtables.armv7hl                        2.0.10-18.fc23                  @updates
eigen2-devel.noarch                     1:2.0.17-7.fc21                 @fedora 
eigen3-devel.noarch                     3.2.8-1.fc23                    @updates
elfutils.armv7hl                        0.166-1.fc23                    @updates
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch      0.166-1.fc23                    @updates
elfutils-libelf.armv7hl                 0.166-1.fc23                    @updates
elfutils-libs.armv7hl                   0.166-1.fc23                    @updates
emacs.armv7hl                           1:24.5-10.fc23                  @updates
emacs-common.armv7hl                    1:24.5-10.fc23                  @updates
emacs-filesystem.noarch                 1:24.5-10.fc23                  @updates
enchant.armv7hl                         1:1.6.0-12.fc23                 @fedora 
engrampa.armv7hl                        1.12.0-2.fc23                   @updates
eom.armv7hl                             1.12.2-1.fc23                   @updates
ethtool.armv7hl                         2:4.0-2.fc23                    @System 
exaile.noarch                           3.4.5-1.fc23                    @fedora 
exempi.armv7hl                          2.2.1-12.fc23                   @fedora 
exiv2-libs.armv7hl                      0.25-3.fc23                     @updates
exo.armv7hl                             0.10.7-1.fc23                   @fedora 
expat.armv7hl                           2.1.1-1.fc23                    @updates
expat-devel.armv7hl                     2.1.1-1.fc23                    @updates
extlinux-bootloader.armv7hl             1.1-5.fc23                      @System 
f23-backgrounds-base.noarch             23.1.0-1.fc23                   @fedora 
f23-backgrounds-extras-base.noarch      23.1.0-1.fc23                   @fedora 
f23-backgrounds-mate.noarch             23.1.0-1.fc23                   @fedora 
faad2-libs.armv7hl                      1:2.7-6.fc22                    @rpmfusion-free
fedora-logos.armv7hl                    22.0.0-2.fc23                   @fedora 
fedora-release.noarch                   23-1                            @System 
fedora-repos.noarch                     23-1                            @System 
ffmpeg.armv7hnl                         2.8.6-1.fc23                    @rpmfusion-free-updates-testing
ffmpeg-devel.armv7hnl                   2.8.6-1.fc23                    @rpmfusion-free-updates-testing
ffmpeg-libs.armv7hnl                    2.8.6-1.fc23                    @rpmfusion-free-updates-testing
fftw-libs-double.armv7hl                3.3.4-6.fc23                    @fedora 
file-libs.armv7hl                       5.22-6.fc23                     @updates
filesystem.armv7hl                      3.2-35.fc23                     @System 
filezilla.armv7hl                       3.14.1-2.fc23                   @updates
findutils.armv7hl                       1:4.5.16-1.fc23                 @updates
fipscheck.armv7hl                       1.4.1-9.fc23                    @System 
fipscheck-lib.armv7hl                   1.4.1-9.fc23                    @System 
firefox.armv7hl                         46.0-5.fc23                     @updates
firewall-config.noarch                  0.4.0-2.fc23                    @updates
firewalld.noarch                        0.4.0-2.fc23                    @updates
firewalld-filesystem.noarch             0.4.0-2.fc23                    @updates
flac-libs.armv7hl                       1.3.1-5.fc23                    @fedora 
flex.armv7hl                            2.5.39-2.fc23                   @fedora 
fltk.armv7hl                            1.3.3-5.fc23                    @fedora 
fontconfig.armv7hl                      2.11.94-4.fc23                  @fedora 
fontconfig-devel.armv7hl                2.11.94-4.fc23                  @fedora 
fontpackages-filesystem.noarch          1.44-14.fc23                    @fedora 
fortune-mod.armv7hl                     1.99.1-21.fc23                  @fedora 
freeglut.armv7hl                        3.0.0-2.fc23                    @fedora 
freerdp-libs.armv7hl                    2:1.2.0-0.9.git.24a752a.fc23    @fedora 
freetype.armv7hl                        2.6.0-3.fc23                    @fedora 
freetype-devel.armv7hl                  2.6.0-3.fc23                    @fedora 
fribidi.armv7hl                         0.19.6-5.fc23                   @fedora 
fros.noarch                             1.1-6.fc23                      @fedora 
fros-recordmydesktop.noarch             1.1-6.fc23                      @fedora 
ftgl.armv7hl                            2.1.3-0.13.rc5.fc23             @fedora 
fuse.armv7hl                            2.9.4-3.fc23                    @fedora 
fuse-libs.armv7hl                       2.9.4-3.fc23                    @fedora 
fxload.armv7hl                          2008_10_13-3.fc23               @fedora 
game-music-emu.armv7hl                  0.6.0-7.fc23                    @fedora 
gamin.armv7hl                           0.1.10-22.fc23                  @updates
gawk.armv7hl                            4.1.3-2.fc23                    @System 
gc.armv7hl                              7.4.2-4.fc23                    @fedora 
gcc.armv7hl                             5.3.1-6.fc23                    @updates
gcc-c++.armv7hl                         5.3.1-6.fc23                    @updates
gcc-gfortran.armv7hl                    5.3.1-6.fc23                    @updates
gcr.armv7hl                             3.18.0-1.fc23                   @fedora 
gd.armv7hl                              2.1.1-5.fc23                    @updates
gdb.armv7hl                             7.10.1-31.fc23                  @updates
gdbm.armv7hl                            1.11-6.fc23                     @System 
gdisk.armv7hl                           1.0.1-1.fc23                    @updates
gdk-pixbuf2.armv7hl                     2.32.3-1.fc23                   @updates
gdk-pixbuf2-devel.armv7hl               2.32.3-1.fc23                   @updates
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.armv7hl             2.32.3-1.fc23                   @updates
geoclue2.armv7hl                        2.2.0-2.fc23                    @fedora 
getdata.armv7hl                         0.8.6-3.fc23                    @fedora 
getdata-fortran.armv7hl                 0.8.6-3.fc23                    @fedora 
gettext.armv7hl                         0.19.7-3.fc23                   @updates
gettext-common-devel.noarch             0.19.7-3.fc23                   @updates
gettext-devel.armv7hl                   0.19.7-3.fc23                   @updates
gettext-libs.armv7hl                    0.19.7-3.fc23                   @updates
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                  1.4.2-2.fc23                    @fedora 
ghostscript-core.armv7hl                9.16-3.fc23                     @fedora 
ghostscript-fonts.noarch                5.50-34.fc23                    @fedora 
giflib.armv7hl                          4.1.6-14.fc23                   @fedora 
git.armv7hl                             2.5.5-1.fc23                    @updates
git-core.armv7hl                        2.5.5-1.fc23                    @updates
git-core-doc.armv7hl                    2.5.5-1.fc23                    @updates
gl-manpages.noarch                      1.1-10.20140424.fc23            @fedora 
glade-libs.armv7hl                      3.19.0-3.fc23                   @fedora 
glib.armv7hl                            1:1.2.10-46.fc23                @fedora 
glib-devel.armv7hl                      1:1.2.10-46.fc23                @fedora 
glib-networking.armv7hl                 2.46.1-1.fc23                   @System 
glib2.armv7hl                           2.46.2-1.fc23                   @updates
glib2-devel.armv7hl                     2.46.2-1.fc23                   @updates
glibc.armv7hl                           2.22-11.fc23                    @updates
glibc-common.armv7hl                    2.22-11.fc23                    @updates
glibc-devel.armv7hl                     2.22-11.fc23                    @updates
glibc-headers.armv7hl                   2.22-11.fc23                    @updates
glibmm24.armv7hl                        2.46.2-1.fc23                   @updates
glibmm24-devel.armv7hl                  2.46.2-1.fc23                   @updates
glx-utils.armv7hl                       8.2.0-4.fc23                    @fedora 
gmime.armv7hl                           2.6.20-5.fc23                   @fedora 
gmp.armv7hl                             1:6.0.0-12.fc23                 @System 
gmp-devel.armv7hl                       1:6.0.0-12.fc23                 @fedora 
gnat-srpm-macros.noarch                 2-1.fc23                        @fedora 
gnome-abrt.armv7hl                      1.2.2-2.fc23                    @updates
gnome-keyring.armv7hl                   3.18.3-1.fc23                   @updates
gnome-keyring-pam.armv7hl               3.18.3-1.fc23                   @updates
gnome-python2.armv7hl                   2.28.1-16.fc23                  @fedora 
gnome-python2-canvas.armv7hl            2.28.1-16.fc23                  @fedora 
gnome-themes-standard.armv7hl           3.18.0-1.fc23                   @fedora 
gnote.armv7hl                           3.18.1-1.fc23                   @updates
gnupg.armv7hl                           1.4.20-1.fc23                   @updates
gnupg2.armv7hl                          2.1.11-1.fc23                   @updates
gnutls.armv7hl                          3.4.11-1.fc23                   @updates
go-srpm-macros.noarch                   2-3.fc23                        @fedora 
gobject-introspection.armv7hl           1.46.0-1.fc23                   @System 
gparted.armv7hl                         0.25.0-1.fc23                   @updates
gpgme.armv7hl                           1.4.3-6.fc23                    @System 
gpm-libs.armv7hl                        1.20.7-7.fc23                   @fedora 
graphite2.armv7hl                       1.3.6-1.fc23                    @updates
graphite2-devel.armv7hl                 1.3.6-1.fc23                    @updates
grep.armv7hl                            2.22-6.fc23                     @updates
groff-base.armv7hl                      1.22.3-6.fc23                   @System 
grubby.armv7hl                          8.40-2.fc23                     @System 
gsettings-desktop-schemas.armv7hl       3.18.1-1.fc23                   @updates
gsm.armv7hl                             1.0.13-13.fc23                  @fedora 
gssdp.armv7hl                           0.14.14-1.fc23                  @updates
gstreamer.armv7hl                       0.10.36-13.fc23                 @fedora 
gstreamer-devel.armv7hl                 0.10.36-13.fc23                 @fedora 
gstreamer-plugins-base.armv7hl          0.10.36-13.fc23                 @fedora 
gstreamer-plugins-base-devel.armv7hl    0.10.36-13.fc23                 @fedora 
gstreamer-plugins-good.armv7hl          0.10.31-15.fc23                 @fedora 
gstreamer-python.armv7hl                0.10.22-9.fc23                  @updates
gstreamer-tools.armv7hl                 0.10.36-13.fc23                 @fedora 
gstreamer1.armv7hl                      1.6.4-1.fc23                    @updates
gstreamer1-devel.armv7hl                1.6.4-1.fc23                    @updates
gstreamer1-plugins-base.armv7hl         1.6.4-1.fc23                    @updates
gstreamer1-plugins-base-devel.armv7hl   1.6.4-1.fc23                    @updates
gstreamer1-plugins-good.armv7hl         1.6.4-1.fc23                    @updates
gstreamermm.armv7hl                     0.10.11-8.fc23                  @fedora 
gstreamermm-devel.armv7hl               0.10.11-8.fc23                  @fedora 
gtatool.armv7hl                         2.1.0-9.fc23                    @fedora 
gtatool-matlab.armv7hl                  2.1.0-9.fc23                    @fedora 
gthumb.armv7hl                          1:3.4.1-1.fc23                  @fedora 
gtk+.armv7hl                            1:1.2.10-81.fc23                @fedora 
gtk+-devel.armv7hl                      1:1.2.10-81.fc23                @fedora 
gtk-doc.noarch                          1.24-2.fc23                     @fedora 
gtk-murrine-engine.armv7hl              0.98.2-8.fc23                   @fedora 
gtk-update-icon-cache.armv7hl           3.18.9-1.fc23                   @updates
gtk2.armv7hl                            2.24.30-1.fc23                  @updates
gtk2-devel.armv7hl                      2.24.30-1.fc23                  @updates
gtk2-engines.armv7hl                    2.20.2-10.fc23                  @fedora 
gtk3.armv7hl                            3.18.9-1.fc23                   @updates
gtkmm24.armv7hl                         2.24.4-7.fc23                   @fedora 
gtkmm30.armv7hl                         3.18.1-1.fc23                   @updates
gtksourceview2.armv7hl                  2.11.2-20.fc23                  @fedora 
gtkspell3.armv7hl                       3.0.8-1.fc23                    @updates
gucharmap.armv7hl                       3.18.2-1.fc23                   @updates
gucharmap-libs.armv7hl                  3.18.2-1.fc23                   @updates
guile.armv7hl                           5:2.0.11-7.fc23                 @updates
gupnp.armv7hl                           0.20.16-1.fc23                  @updates
gvfs.armv7hl                            1.26.3-1.fc23                   @updates
gvfs-afc.armv7hl                        1.26.3-1.fc23                   @updates
gvfs-archive.armv7hl                    1.26.3-1.fc23                   @updates
gvfs-client.armv7hl                     1.26.3-1.fc23                   @updates
gvfs-fuse.armv7hl                       1.26.3-1.fc23                   @updates
gvfs-gphoto2.armv7hl                    1.26.3-1.fc23                   @updates
gvfs-mtp.armv7hl                        1.26.3-1.fc23                   @updates
gvfs-smb.armv7hl                        1.26.3-1.fc23                   @updates
gzip.armv7hl                            1.6-9.fc23                      @System 
harfbuzz.armv7hl                        1.0.6-1.fc23                    @updates
harfbuzz-devel.armv7hl                  1.0.6-1.fc23                    @updates
harfbuzz-icu.armv7hl                    1.0.6-1.fc23                    @updates
hawkey.armv7hl                          0.6.2-3.fc23                    @updates
hdf5.armv7hl                            1.8.15-10.patch1.fc23           @updates
hexchat.armv7hl                         2.10.2-4.fc23                   @fedora 
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch               0.15-2.fc23                     @fedora 
hostname.armv7hl                        3.15-6.fc23                     @System 
hunspell.armv7hl                        1.3.3-8.fc23                    @fedora 
hunspell-en-US.noarch                   0.20140811.1-2.fc23             @fedora 
hwdata.noarch                           0.288-1.fc23                    @updates
hyphen.armv7hl                          2.8.8-2.fc23                    @fedora 
ilmbase.armv7hl                         2.2.0-4.fc23                    @fedora 
indent.armv7hl                          2.2.11-19.fc23                  @updates
info.armv7hl                            6.0-2.fc23                      @updates
initial-setup.armv7hl                   0.3.37-1.fc23                   @System 
initial-setup-gui.armv7hl               0.3.37-1.fc23                   @fedora 
initscripts.armv7hl                     9.65-1.fc23                     @updates
intltool.noarch                         0.51.0-3.fc23                   @fedora 
iodine-client.armv7hl                   0.7.0-4.fc23                    @fedora 
ipcalc.armv7hl                          0.1.4-2.fc23                    @updates
iproute.armv7hl                         4.1.1-3.fc23                    @updates
ipset.armv7hl                           6.27-1.fc23                     @updates
ipset-libs.armv7hl                      6.27-1.fc23                     @updates
iptables.armv7hl                        1.4.21-15.fc23                  @System 
iputils.armv7hl                         20140519-7.fc23                 @updates
irrXML.armv7hl                          1.8.3-1.fc23                    @fedora 
iscsi-initiator-utils.armv7hl           6.2.0.873-29.git4c9d6f9.fc23    @updates
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.armv7hl  6.2.0.873-29.git4c9d6f9.fc23    @updates
isl.armv7hl                             0.14-4.fc23                     @fedora 
iso-codes.noarch                        3.62-1.fc23                     @fedora 
isomd5sum.armv7hl                       1:1.0.12-6.fc23                 @System 
itstool.noarch                          2.0.2-3.fc23                    @fedora 
iw.armv7hl                              4.1-1.fc23                      @fedora 
iwl100-firmware.noarch                  39.31.5.1-61.fc23               @updates
iwl1000-firmware.noarch                 1:39.31.5.1-61.fc23             @updates
iwl105-firmware.noarch                  18.168.6.1-61.fc23              @updates
iwl135-firmware.noarch                  18.168.6.1-61.fc23              @updates
iwl2000-firmware.noarch                 18.168.6.1-61.fc23              @updates
iwl2030-firmware.noarch                 18.168.6.1-61.fc23              @updates
iwl3160-firmware.noarch                 1:25.30.13.0-61.fc23            @updates
iwl3945-firmware.noarch                 15.32.2.9-61.fc23               @updates
iwl4965-firmware.noarch                 228.61.2.24-61.fc23             @updates
iwl5000-firmware.noarch                 8.83.5.1_1-61.fc23              @updates
iwl5150-firmware.noarch                 8.24.2.2-61.fc23                @updates
iwl6000-firmware.noarch                 9.221.4.1-61.fc23               @updates
iwl6000g2a-firmware.noarch              18.168.6.1-61.fc23              @updates
iwl6000g2b-firmware.noarch              18.168.6.1-61.fc23              @updates
iwl6050-firmware.noarch                 41.28.5.1-61.fc23               @updates
iwl7260-firmware.noarch                 1:25.30.13.0-61.fc23            @updates
jack-audio-connection-kit.armv7hl       1.9.10-3.fc23                   @fedora 
jack-audio-connection-kit-example-clients.armv7hl
                                        1.9.10-3.fc23                   @fedora 
jansson.armv7hl                         2.7-2.fc23                      @System 
jasper.armv7hl                          1.900.1-31.fc23                 @fedora 
jasper-devel.armv7hl                    1.900.1-31.fc23                 @fedora 
jasper-libs.armv7hl                     1.900.1-31.fc23                 @fedora 
java-1.8.0-openjdk.armv7hl              1:1.8.0.91-2.b14.fc23           @updates
java-1.8.0-openjdk-devel.armv7hl        1:1.8.0.91-2.b14.fc23           @updates
java-1.8.0-openjdk-headless.armv7hl     1:1.8.0.91-2.b14.fc23           @updates
javapackages-tools.noarch               4.6.0-8.fc23                    @updates
jbigkit-libs.armv7hl                    2.1-4.fc23                      @fedora 
jimtcl.armv7hl                          0.76-3.fc23                     @System 
json-c.armv7hl                          0.12-6.fc23                     @System 
json-glib.armv7hl                       1.0.4-2.fc23                    @fedora 
jsoncpp.armv7hl                         0.6.0-0.18.rc2.fc23             @fedora 
kbd.armv7hl                             2.0.2-8.fc23                    @updates
kbd-legacy.noarch                       2.0.2-8.fc23                    @updates
kbd-misc.noarch                         2.0.2-8.fc23                    @updates
kde-filesystem.armv7hl                  4-52.fc23                       @fedora 
kernel-headers.armv7hl                  4.4.8-300.fc23                  @updates
kernel-lpae-core.armv7hl                4.4.8-300.fc23                  @updates
kernel-lpae-modules.armv7hl             4.4.8-300.fc23                  @updates
kernel-lpae-modules-extra.armv7hl       4.4.8-300.fc23                  @updates
kernel-tools-libs.armv7hl               4.4.8-300.fc23                  @updates
kexec-tools.armv7hl                     2.0.10-10.fc23                  @updates
keybinder3.armv7hl                      0.3.0-5.fc23                    @fedora 
keyutils-libs.armv7hl                   1.5.9-7.fc23                    @System 
kmod.armv7hl                            22-2.fc23                       @updates
kmod-libs.armv7hl                       22-2.fc23                       @updates
kpartx.armv7hl                          0.4.9-80.fc23                   @System 
krb5-libs.armv7hl                       1.14.1-5.fc23                   @updates
lame-libs.armv7hl                       3.99.5-5.fc23                   @rpmfusion-free-updates-testing
langtable.noarch                        0.0.34-1.fc23                   @System 
langtable-data.noarch                   0.0.34-1.fc23                   @System 
langtable-python3.noarch                0.0.34-1.fc23                   @System 
lapack.armv7hl                          3.5.0-12.fc23                   @fedora 
lapack-devel.armv7hl                    3.5.0-12.fc23                   @fedora 
lapack-static.armv7hl                   3.5.0-12.fc23                   @fedora 
lcms2.armv7hl                           2.7-2.fc23                      @fedora 
leptonica.armv7hl                       1.72-2.fc23                     @fedora 
leptonica-devel.armv7hl                 1.72-2.fc23                     @fedora 
less.armv7hl                            481-5.fc23                      @updates
libGLEW.armv7hl                         1.10.0-6.fc23                   @fedora 
libICE.armv7hl                          1.0.9-3.fc23                    @fedora 
libICE-devel.armv7hl                    1.0.9-3.fc23                    @fedora 
libSM.armv7hl                           1.2.2-3.fc23                    @fedora 
libSM-devel.armv7hl                     1.2.2-3.fc23                    @fedora 
libX11.armv7hl                          1.6.3-2.fc23                    @fedora 
libX11-common.noarch                    1.6.3-2.fc23                    @fedora 
libX11-devel.armv7hl                    1.6.3-2.fc23                    @fedora 
libXScrnSaver.armv7hl                   1.2.2-9.fc23                    @fedora 
libXau.armv7hl                          1.0.8-5.fc23                    @fedora 
libXau-devel.armv7hl                    1.0.8-5.fc23                    @fedora 
libXaw.armv7hl                          1.0.13-2.fc23                   @fedora 
libXcomposite.armv7hl                   0.4.4-7.fc23                    @fedora 
libXcomposite-devel.armv7hl             0.4.4-7.fc23                    @fedora 
libXcursor.armv7hl                      1.1.14-4.fc23                   @fedora 
libXcursor-devel.armv7hl                1.1.14-4.fc23                   @fedora 
libXdamage.armv7hl                      1.1.4-7.fc23                    @fedora 
libXdamage-devel.armv7hl                1.1.4-7.fc23                    @fedora 
libXdmcp.armv7hl                        1.1.2-2.fc23                    @fedora 
libXevie.armv7hl                        1.0.3-10.fc23                   @fedora 
libXext.armv7hl                         1.3.3-3.fc23                    @fedora 
libXext-devel.armv7hl                   1.3.3-3.fc23                    @fedora 
libXfixes.armv7hl                       5.0.1-5.fc23                    @fedora 
libXfixes-devel.armv7hl                 5.0.1-5.fc23                    @fedora 
libXfont.armv7hl                        1.5.1-3.fc23                    @fedora 
libXft.armv7hl                          2.3.2-3.fc23                    @fedora 
libXft-devel.armv7hl                    2.3.2-3.fc23                    @fedora 
libXi.armv7hl                           1.7.6-1.fc23                    @updates
libXi-devel.armv7hl                     1.7.6-1.fc23                    @updates
libXinerama.armv7hl                     1.1.3-5.fc23                    @fedora 
libXinerama-devel.armv7hl               1.1.3-5.fc23                    @fedora 
libXmu.armv7hl                          1.1.2-3.fc23                    @fedora 
libXpm.armv7hl                          3.5.11-4.fc23                   @fedora 
libXrandr.armv7hl                       1.5.0-2.fc23                    @fedora 
libXrandr-devel.armv7hl                 1.5.0-2.fc23                    @fedora 
libXrender.armv7hl                      0.9.9-2.fc23                    @fedora 
libXrender-devel.armv7hl                0.9.9-2.fc23                    @fedora 
libXres.armv7hl                         1.0.7-5.fc23                    @fedora 
libXt.armv7hl                           1.1.5-2.fc23                    @fedora 
libXt-devel.armv7hl                     1.1.5-2.fc23                    @fedora 
libXtst.armv7hl                         1.2.2-5.fc23                    @fedora 
libXv.armv7hl                           1.0.10-3.fc23                   @fedora 
libXv-devel.armv7hl                     1.0.10-3.fc23                   @fedora 
libXxf86misc.armv7hl                    1.0.3-10.fc23                   @fedora 
libXxf86vm.armv7hl                      1.1.4-2.fc23                    @fedora 
libXxf86vm-devel.armv7hl                1.1.4-2.fc23                    @fedora 
libacl.armv7hl                          2.2.52-10.fc23                  @System 
libaesgm.armv7hl                        20090429-11.fc23                @fedora 
libaio.armv7hl                          0.3.110-5.fc23                  @System 
libappstream-glib.armv7hl               0.5.5-1.fc23                    @updates
libarchive.armv7hl                      3.1.2-14.fc23                   @updates
libart_lgpl.armv7hl                     2.3.21-13.fc23                  @fedora 
libasan.armv7hl                         5.3.1-6.fc23                    @updates
libass.armv7hl                          0.13.1-1.fc23                   @updates
libassuan.armv7hl                       2.4.2-1.fc23                    @updates
libasyncns.armv7hl                      0.8-9.fc23                      @fedora 
libatasmart.armv7hl                     0.19-8.fc23                     @fedora 
libatomic.armv7hl                       5.3.1-6.fc23                    @updates
libatomic_ops.armv7hl                   7.4.2-9.fc23                    @updates
libattr.armv7hl                         2.4.47-14.fc23                  @System 
libavc1394.armv7hl                      0.5.3-18.fc23                   @fedora 
libavdevice.armv7hnl                    2.8.6-1.fc23                    @rpmfusion-free-updates-testing
libbabeltrace.armv7hl                   1.2.4-2.fc23                    @fedora 
libblkid.armv7hl                        2.28-1.fc23                     @updates
libblockdev.armv7hl                     1.3-5.fc23                      @updates
libblockdev-btrfs.armv7hl               1.3-5.fc23                      @updates
libblockdev-crypto.armv7hl              1.3-5.fc23                      @updates
libblockdev-dm.armv7hl                  1.3-5.fc23                      @updates
libblockdev-kbd.armv7hl                 1.3-5.fc23                      @updates
libblockdev-loop.armv7hl                1.3-5.fc23                      @updates
libblockdev-lvm.armv7hl                 1.3-5.fc23                      @updates
libblockdev-mdraid.armv7hl              1.3-5.fc23                      @updates
libblockdev-mpath.armv7hl               1.3-5.fc23                      @updates
libblockdev-plugins-all.armv7hl         1.3-5.fc23                      @updates
libblockdev-swap.armv7hl                1.3-5.fc23                      @updates
libblockdev-utils.armv7hl               1.3-5.fc23                      @updates
libbluray.armv7hl                       0.9.2-1.fc23                    @updates
libburn.armv7hl                         1.4.2-2.fc23                    @updates
libcaca.armv7hl                         0.99-0.25.beta18.fc23           @fedora 
libcanberra.armv7hl                     0.30-10.fc23                    @fedora 
libcanberra-gtk2.armv7hl                0.30-10.fc23                    @fedora 
libcanberra-gtk3.armv7hl                0.30-10.fc23                    @fedora 
libcap.armv7hl                          2.24-8.fc23                     @System 
libcap-ng.armv7hl                       0.7.7-2.fc23                    @System 
libcddb.armv7hl                         1.3.2-18.fc23                   @fedora 
libcdio.armv7hl                         0.93-6.fc23                     @fedora 
libcdio-paranoia.armv7hl                10.2+0.93+1-4.fc23              @fedora 
libcgroup.armv7hl                       0.41-7.fc23                     @fedora 
libchromaprint.armv7hl                  1.2-3.fc23                      @fedora 
libcom_err.armv7hl                      1.42.13-3.fc23                  @System 
libcomps.armv7hl                        0.1.7-1.fc23                    @System 
libconfig.armv7hl                       1.5-3.fc23                      @updates
libcroco.armv7hl                        0.6.8-7.fc23                    @fedora 
libcurl.armv7hl                         7.43.0-6.fc23                   @updates
libdaemon.armv7hl                       0.14-9.fc23                     @System 
libdatrie.armv7hl                       0.2.8-6.fc23                    @fedora 
libdb.armv7hl                           5.3.28-13.fc23                  @System 
libdb-utils.armv7hl                     5.3.28-13.fc23                  @System 
libdc1394.armv7hl                       2.2.2-4.fc23                    @fedora 
libdca.armv7hl                          0.0.5-9.fc22                    @rpmfusion-free
libdrm.armv7hl                          2.4.66-1.fc23                   @updates
libdrm-devel.armv7hl                    2.4.66-1.fc23                   @updates
libdv.armv7hl                           1.0.0-20.fc23                   @fedora 
libdvbpsi.armv7hl                       1.3.0-1.fc23                    @rpmfusion-free-updates-testing
libdvdnav.armv7hl                       5.0.3-2.fc23                    @fedora 
libdvdread.armv7hl                      5.0.3-1.fc23                    @updates
libebml.armv7hl                         1.3.3-1.fc23                    @updates
libedit.armv7hl                         3.1-13.20150325cvs.fc23         @System 
libepoxy.armv7hl                        1.2-4.fc23                      @fedora 
libertas-usb8388-firmware.noarch        2:20160204-61.git91d5dd13.fc23  @updates
libetpan.armv7hl                        1.6-5.fc23                      @fedora 
libevdev.armv7hl                        1.4.5-2.fc23                    @updates
libevent.armv7hl                        2.0.21-7.fc23                   @fedora 
libexif.armv7hl                         0.6.21-9.fc23                   @fedora 
libexif-devel.armv7hl                   0.6.21-9.fc23                   @fedora 
libfdisk.armv7hl                        2.28-1.fc23                     @updates
libffado.armv7hl                        2.2.1-5.fc23                    @fedora 
libffi.armv7hl                          3.1-8.fc23                      @System 
libfontenc.armv7hl                      1.1.3-2.fc23                    @fedora 
libgcab1.armv7hl                        0.6-5.fc23                      @updates
libgcc.armv7hl                          5.3.1-6.fc23                    @updates
libgcrypt.armv7hl                       1.6.4-1.fc23                    @System 
libgfortran.armv7hl                     5.3.1-6.fc23                    @updates
libglade2.armv7hl                       2.6.4-13.fc23                   @fedora 
libgnome-keyring.armv7hl                3.12.0-5.fc23                   @fedora 
libgnomecanvas.armv7hl                  2.30.3-10.fc23                  @fedora 
libgnomekbd.armv7hl                     3.6.0-8.fc23                    @fedora 
libgomp.armv7hl                         5.3.1-6.fc23                    @updates
libgpg-error.armv7hl                    1.21-1.fc23                     @updates
libgphoto2.armv7hl                      2.5.8-1.fc23                    @updates
libgphoto2-devel.armv7hl                2.5.8-1.fc23                    @updates
libgta.armv7hl                          1.0.7-2.fc23                    @fedora 
libgtop2.armv7hl                        2.32.0-1.fc23                   @fedora 
libgudev.armv7hl                        230-2.fc23                      @System 
libgusb.armv7hl                         0.2.8-1.fc23                    @updates
libgxps.armv7hl                         0.2.3.2-1.fc23                  @fedora 
libhif.armv7hl                          0.2.1-4.fc23                    @fedora 
libical.armv7hl                         1.0.1-3.fc23                    @updates
libicu.armv7hl                          54.1-5.fc23                     @fedora 
libicu-devel.armv7hl                    54.1-5.fc23                     @fedora 
libidn.armv7hl                          1.32-1.fc23                     @System 
libiec61883.armv7hl                     1.2.0-13.fc23                   @fedora 
libieee1284.armv7hl                     0.2.11-18.fc23                  @fedora 
libimobiledevice.armv7hl                1.2.0-5.fc23                    @updates
libinput.armv7hl                        1.2.4-1.fc23                    @updates
libinput-devel.armv7hl                  1.2.4-1.fc23                    @updates
libisofs.armv7hl                        1.4.2-1.fc23                    @updates
libjpeg-turbo.armv7hl                   1.4.1-2.fc23                    @fedora 
libjpeg-turbo-devel.armv7hl             1.4.1-2.fc23                    @fedora 
libkate.armv7hl                         0.4.1-6.fc23                    @fedora 
libksba.armv7hl                         1.3.3-2.fc23                    @System 
libldb.armv7hl                          1.1.25-1.fc23                   @updates
liblockfile.armv7hl                     1.09-3.fc23                     @fedora 
libmad.armv7hl                          0.15.1b-17.fc23                 @rpmfusion-free-updates-testing
libmatekbd.armv7hl                      1.12.1-1.fc23                   @updates
libmatemixer.armv7hl                    1.12.1-1.fc23                   @updates
libmateweather.armv7hl                  1.12.1-1.fc23                   @updates
libmateweather-data.noarch              1.12.1-1.fc23                   @updates
libmatroska.armv7hl                     1.4.4-1.fc23                    @updates
libmbim.armv7hl                         1.12.4-2.fc23                   @updates
libmbim-utils.armv7hl                   1.12.4-2.fc23                   @updates
libmcpp.armv7hl                         2.7.2-15.fc23                   @fedora 
libmetalink.armv7hl                     0.1.2-8.fc23                    @System 
libmng.armv7hl                          2.0.3-2.fc23                    @fedora 
libmnl.armv7hl                          1.0.3-10.fc23                   @System 
libmodman.armv7hl                       2.0.1-11.fc23                   @System 
libmodplug.armv7hl                      1:0.8.8.5-6.fc23                @fedora 
libmount.armv7hl                        2.28-1.fc23                     @updates
libmpc.armv7hl                          1.0.2-4.fc23                    @fedora 
libmpcdec.armv7hl                       1.2.6-15.fc23                   @fedora 
libmpeg2.armv7hl                        0.5.1-11.fc22                   @rpmfusion-free
libmspack.armv7hl                       0.5-0.2.alpha.fc23              @fedora 
libmtp.armv7hl                          1.1.9-2.fc23                    @fedora 
libnatpmp.armv7hl                       20150609-1.fc23                 @updates
libndp.armv7hl                          1.5-2.fc23                      @System 
libnetfilter_conntrack.armv7hl          1.0.4-5.fc23                    @System 
libnfnetlink.armv7hl                    1.0.1-7.fc23                    @System 
libnghttp2.armv7hl                      1.7.1-1.fc23                    @updates
libnl3.armv7hl                          3.2.27-1.fc23                   @updates
libnl3-cli.armv7hl                      3.2.27-1.fc23                   @updates
libnm-gtk.armv7hl                       1.0.10-1.fc23                   @updates
libnotify.armv7hl                       0.7.6-7.fc23                    @fedora 
libogg.armv7hl                          2:1.3.2-4.fc23                  @fedora 
libotf.armv7hl                          0.9.13-6.fc23                   @fedora 
libpcap.armv7hl                         14:1.7.4-1.fc23                 @System 
libpciaccess.armv7hl                    0.13.4-2.fc23                   @fedora 
libpipeline.armv7hl                     1.4.0-2.fc23                    @System 
libplist.armv7hl                        1.12-5.fc23                     @fedora 
libpng.armv7hl                          2:1.6.19-2.fc23                 @updates
libpng-devel.armv7hl                    2:1.6.19-2.fc23                 @updates
libprojectM.armv7hl                     2.0.1-26.fc23                   @fedora 
libproxy.armv7hl                        0.4.11-12.fc23                  @System 
libpsl.armv7hl                          0.7.0-5.fc23                    @fedora 
libpwquality.armv7hl                    1.3.0-2.fc23                    @System 
libqmi.armv7hl                          1.12.10-1.fc23                  @updates
libqmi-utils.armv7hl                    1.12.10-1.fc23                  @updates
libquvi.armv7hl                         0.9.4-7.fc23                    @fedora 
libquvi-scripts.noarch                  0.9.20131130-5.fc23             @fedora 
libraw1394.armv7hl                      2.1.0-6.fc23                    @fedora 
librepo.armv7hl                         1.7.16-2.fc23                   @System 
libreport.armv7hl                       2.6.4-2.fc23                    @updates
libreport-anaconda.armv7hl              2.6.4-2.fc23                    @updates
libreport-cli.armv7hl                   2.6.4-2.fc23                    @updates
libreport-fedora.armv7hl                2.6.4-2.fc23                    @updates
libreport-filesystem.armv7hl            2.6.4-2.fc23                    @updates
libreport-gtk.armv7hl                   2.6.4-2.fc23                    @updates
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.armv7hl       2.6.4-2.fc23                    @updates
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.armv7hl     2.6.4-2.fc23                    @updates
libreport-plugin-logger.armv7hl         2.6.4-2.fc23                    @updates
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.armv7hl 2.6.4-2.fc23                    @updates
libreport-plugin-ureport.armv7hl        2.6.4-2.fc23                    @updates
libreport-python3.armv7hl               2.6.4-2.fc23                    @updates
libreport-web.armv7hl                   2.6.4-2.fc23                    @updates
libreswan.armv7hl                       3.17-1.fc23                     @updates
librsvg2.armv7hl                        2.40.15-1.fc23                  @updates
libsamplerate.armv7hl                   0.1.8-9.fc23                    @fedora 
libseccomp.armv7hl                      2.3.1-0.fc23                    @updates
libsecret.armv7hl                       0.18.3-1.fc23                   @fedora 
libselinux.armv7hl                      2.4-4.fc23                      @System 
libselinux-python.armv7hl               2.4-4.fc23                      @fedora 
libselinux-python3.armv7hl              2.4-4.fc23                      @System 
libselinux-utils.armv7hl                2.4-4.fc23                      @System 
libsemanage.armv7hl                     2.4-4.fc23                      @System 
libsemanage-python3.armv7hl             2.4-4.fc23                      @fedora 
libsepol.armv7hl                        2.4-1.fc23                      @System 
libshout.armv7hl                        2.2.2-13.fc23                   @fedora 
libsigc++20.armv7hl                     2.6.2-1.fc23                    @updates
libsigc++20-devel.armv7hl               2.6.2-1.fc23                    @updates
libsmartcols.armv7hl                    2.28-1.fc23                     @updates
libsmbclient.armv7hl                    2:4.3.8-0.fc23                  @updates
libsndfile.armv7hl                      1.0.25-18.fc23                  @updates
libsolv.armv7hl                         0.6.20-1.fc23                   @updates
libsoup.armv7hl                         2.52.2-2.fc23                   @updates
libspectre.armv7hl                      0.2.7-7.fc23                    @fedora 
libss.armv7hl                           1.42.13-3.fc23                  @System 
libssh2.armv7hl                         1.6.0-4.fc23                    @updates
libstdc++.armv7hl                       5.3.1-6.fc23                    @updates
libstdc++-devel.armv7hl                 5.3.1-6.fc23                    @updates
libtalloc.armv7hl                       2.1.6-1.fc23                    @updates
libtar.armv7hl                          1.2.20-7.fc23                   @System 
libtasn1.armv7hl                        4.8-1.fc23                      @updates
libtdb.armv7hl                          1.3.9-1.fc23                    @updates
libteam.armv7hl                         1.23-1.fc23                     @updates
libtevent.armv7hl                       0.9.26-1.fc23                   @updates
libthai.armv7hl                         0.1.21-2.fc23                   @fedora 
libtheora.armv7hl                       1:1.1.1-13.fc23                 @fedora 
libtiff.armv7hl                         4.0.4-1.fc23                    @fedora 
libtiff-devel.armv7hl                   4.0.4-1.fc23                    @fedora 
libtiger.armv7hl                        0.3.4-10.fc23                   @fedora 
libtimezonemap.armv7hl                  0.4.4-2.fc23                    @fedora 
libtool.armv7hl                         2.4.6-8.fc23                    @updates
libtool-ltdl.armv7hl                    2.4.6-8.fc23                    @updates
libubsan.armv7hl                        5.3.1-6.fc23                    @updates
libudisks2.armv7hl                      2.1.7-1.fc23                    @updates
libunistring.armv7hl                    0.9.4-2.fc23                    @fedora 
libunwind.armv7hl                       1.1-10.fc23                     @fedora 
libupnp.armv7hl                         1.6.19-4.fc23                   @fedora 
libusb.armv7hl                          1:0.1.5-6.fc23                  @System 
libusbmuxd.armv7hl                      1.0.10-3.fc23                   @fedora 
libusbx.armv7hl                         1.0.21-0.1.git448584a.fc23      @updates
libuser.armv7hl                         0.62-1.fc23                     @System 
libuser-python.armv7hl                  0.62-1.fc23                     @fedora 
libutempter.armv7hl                     1.1.6-7.fc23                    @System 
libuuid.armv7hl                         2.28-1.fc23                     @updates
libv4l.armv7hl                          1.10.0-2.fc23                   @updates
libva.armv7hl                           1.6.2-2.fc23                    @updates
libvdpau.armv7hl                        1.1.1-2.fc23                    @fedora 
libverto.armv7hl                        0.2.6-5.fc23                    @System 
libvisual.armv7hl                       1:0.4.0-18.fc23                 @fedora 
libvncserver.armv7hl                    0.9.10-3.fc23                   @updates
libvorbis.armv7hl                       1:1.3.4-5.fc23                  @fedora 
libvpx.armv7hl                          1.4.0-6.fc23                    @updates
libwacom.armv7hl                        0.18-2.fc23                     @updates
libwacom-data.noarch                    0.18-2.fc23                     @updates
libwayland-client.armv7hl               1.9.0-1.fc23                    @fedora 
libwayland-cursor.armv7hl               1.9.0-1.fc23                    @fedora 
libwayland-server.armv7hl               1.9.0-1.fc23                    @fedora 
libwbclient.armv7hl                     2:4.3.8-0.fc23                  @updates
libwebp.armv7hl                         0.4.4-1.fc23                    @updates
libwinpr.armv7hl                        2:1.2.0-0.9.git.24a752a.fc23    @fedora 
libwmf-lite.armv7hl                     0.2.8.4-46.fc23                 @fedora 
libwnck.armv7hl                         2.31.0-5.fc23                   @fedora 
libwnck3.armv7hl                        3.14.0-2.fc23                   @fedora 
libxcb.armv7hl                          1.11.1-1.fc23                   @updates
libxcb-devel.armv7hl                    1.11.1-1.fc23                   @updates
libxfce4ui.armv7hl                      4.12.1-3.fc23                   @fedora 
libxfce4util.armv7hl                    4.12.1-2.fc23                   @fedora 
libxkbcommon.armv7hl                    0.5.0-2.fc23                    @System 
libxkbcommon-devel.armv7hl              0.5.0-2.fc23                    @fedora 
libxkbcommon-x11.armv7hl                0.5.0-2.fc23                    @fedora 
libxkbfile.armv7hl                      1.0.9-2.fc23                    @fedora 
libxklavier.armv7hl                     5.4-5.fc23                      @fedora 
libxml++.armv7hl                        2.40.1-1.fc23                   @updates
libxml++-devel.armv7hl                  2.40.1-1.fc23                   @updates
libxml2.armv7hl                         2.9.3-2.fc23                    @updates
libxml2-devel.armv7hl                   2.9.3-2.fc23                    @updates
libxshmfence.armv7hl                    1.2-2.fc23                      @fedora 
libxslt.armv7hl                         1.1.28-11.fc23                  @fedora 
lightdm.armv7hl                         1.10.6-2.fc23                   @updates
lightdm-gobject.armv7hl                 1.10.6-2.fc23                   @updates
lightdm-gtk.armv7hl                     1.8.5-19.fc23                   @fedora 
lightdm-gtk-common.noarch               1.8.5-19.fc23                   @fedora 
lightdm-gtk-greeter-settings.noarch     1.2.0-1.fc23                    @fedora 
lightdm-qt.armv7hl                      1.10.6-2.fc23                   @updates
lightdm-qt5.armv7hl                     1.10.6-2.fc23                   @updates
links.armv7hl                           1:2.12-1.fc23                   @updates
linux-atm-libs.armv7hl                  2.5.1-13.fc23                   @System 
linux-firmware.noarch                   20160204-61.git91d5dd13.fc23    @updates
lirc-libs.armv7hl                       0.9.3a-3.fc23                   @updates
live555.armv7hl                         2015.10.12-1.fc23               @rpmfusion-free-updates-testing
lksctp-tools.armv7hl                    1.0.16-4.fc23                   @fedora 
llvm-libs.armv7hl                       3.7.0-4.fc23                    @updates
lockdev.armv7hl                         1.0.4-0.20.20111007git.fc23     @fedora 
lsof.armv7hl                            4.88-3.fc23                     @System 
ltrace.armv7hl                          0.7.91-17.fc23                  @fedora 
lua.armv7hl                             5.3.2-2.fc23                    @updates
lua-expat.armv7hl                       1.3.0-6.fc23                    @fedora 
lua-json.noarch                         1.3.2-5.fc23                    @fedora 
lua-lpeg.armv7hl                        0.12.2-1.fc23                   @fedora 
lua-posix.armv7hl                       33.3.1-1.fc23                   @fedora 
lua-socket.armv7hl                      3.0-0.11.rc1.fc23               @fedora 
lvm2.armv7hl                            2.02.132-2.fc23                 @updates
lvm2-libs.armv7hl                       2.02.132-2.fc23                 @updates
lxterminal.armv7hl                      0.2.0-2.fc23                    @fedora 
lz4.armv7hl                             r131-1.fc23                     @fedora 
lzo.armv7hl                             2.08-5.fc23                     @System 
lzo-minilzo.armv7hl                     2.08-5.fc23                     @fedora 
m17n-db.noarch                          1.7.0-5.fc23                    @fedora 
m17n-lib.armv7hl                        1.7.0-4.fc23                    @fedora 
m4.armv7hl                              1.4.17-8.fc23                   @fedora 
mailcap.noarch                          2.1.45-1.fc23                   @fedora 
make.armv7hl                            1:4.0-5.1.fc23                  @System 
man-db.armv7hl                          2.7.1-11.fc23                   @updates
marco.armv7hl                           1.12.1-3.fc23                   @updates
marco-libs.armv7hl                      1.12.1-3.fc23                   @updates
mate-applets.armv7hl                    1.12.1-1.fc23                   @updates
mate-backgrounds.noarch                 1.12.0-1.fc23                   @updates
mate-calc.armv7hl                       1.8.0-4.fc23                    @fedora 
mate-common.noarch                      1.12.0-1.fc23                   @updates
mate-control-center.armv7hl             1.12.1-2.fc23                   @updates
mate-control-center-filesystem.armv7hl  1.12.1-2.fc23                   @updates
mate-desktop.armv7hl                    1.12.1-1.fc23                   @updates
mate-desktop-libs.armv7hl               1.12.1-1.fc23                   @updates
mate-dictionary.armv7hl                 1.12.0-1.fc23                   @updates
mate-disk-usage-analyzer.armv7hl        1.12.0-1.fc23                   @updates
mate-icon-theme.noarch                  1.12.0-1.fc23                   @updates
mate-icon-theme-faenza.noarch           1.12.0-1.fc23                   @updates
mate-media.armv7hl                      1.12.1-1.fc23                   @updates
mate-menus.armv7hl                      1.12.0-3.fc23                   @updates
mate-menus-libs.armv7hl                 1.12.0-3.fc23                   @updates
mate-menus-preferences-category-menu.armv7hl
                                        1.12.0-3.fc23                   @updates
mate-notification-daemon.armv7hl        1.12.1-1.fc23                   @updates
mate-panel.armv7hl                      1.12.2-1.fc23                   @updates
mate-panel-libs.armv7hl                 1.12.2-1.fc23                   @updates
mate-polkit.armv7hl                     1.12.0-1.fc23                   @updates
mate-power-manager.armv7hl              1.12.1-1.fc23                   @updates
mate-screensaver.armv7hl                1.12.0-1.fc23                   @updates
mate-screenshot.armv7hl                 1.12.0-1.fc23                   @updates
mate-search-tool.armv7hl                1.12.0-1.fc23                   @updates
mate-session-manager.armv7hl            1.12.1-1.fc23                   @updates
mate-settings-daemon.armv7hl            1.12.1-1.fc23                   @updates
mate-system-log.armv7hl                 1.12.0-1.fc23                   @updates
mate-system-monitor.armv7hl             1.12.2-1.fc23                   @updates
mate-terminal.armv7hl                   1.12.1-1.fc23                   @updates
mate-themes.noarch                      3.18.1-1.fc23                   @updates
mate-user-guide.noarch                  1.12.0-1.fc23                   @updates
mate-utils.armv7hl                      1.12.0-1.fc23                   @updates
mate-utils-common.noarch                1.12.0-1.fc23                   @updates
mathjax.noarch                          2.4.0-2.fc23                    @fedora 
mathjax-ams-fonts.noarch                2.4.0-2.fc23                    @fedora 
mathjax-caligraphic-fonts.noarch        2.4.0-2.fc23                    @fedora 
mathjax-fraktur-fonts.noarch            2.4.0-2.fc23                    @fedora 
mathjax-main-fonts.noarch               2.4.0-2.fc23                    @fedora 
mathjax-math-fonts.noarch               2.4.0-2.fc23                    @fedora 
mathjax-sansserif-fonts.noarch          2.4.0-2.fc23                    @fedora 
mathjax-script-fonts.noarch             2.4.0-2.fc23                    @fedora 
mathjax-size1-fonts.noarch              2.4.0-2.fc23                    @fedora 
mathjax-size2-fonts.noarch              2.4.0-2.fc23                    @fedora 
mathjax-size3-fonts.noarch              2.4.0-2.fc23                    @fedora 
mathjax-size4-fonts.noarch              2.4.0-2.fc23                    @fedora 
mathjax-typewriter-fonts.noarch         2.4.0-2.fc23                    @fedora 
mathjax-winchrome-fonts.noarch          2.4.0-2.fc23                    @fedora 
mathjax-winie6-fonts.noarch             2.4.0-2.fc23                    @fedora 
matio.armv7hl                           1.5.2-7.fc23                    @fedora 
mcpp.armv7hl                            2.7.2-15.fc23                   @fedora 
mdadm.armv7hl                           3.3.4-2.fc23                    @updates
mesa-dri-drivers.armv7hl                11.1.0-2.20151218.fc23          @updates
mesa-filesystem.armv7hl                 11.1.0-2.20151218.fc23          @updates
mesa-libEGL.armv7hl                     11.1.0-2.20151218.fc23          @updates
mesa-libEGL-devel.armv7hl               11.1.0-2.20151218.fc23          @updates
mesa-libGL.armv7hl                      11.1.0-2.20151218.fc23          @updates
mesa-libGL-devel.armv7hl                11.1.0-2.20151218.fc23          @updates
mesa-libGLU.armv7hl                     9.0.0-9.fc23                    @fedora 
mesa-libGLU-devel.armv7hl               9.0.0-9.fc23                    @fedora 
mesa-libgbm.armv7hl                     11.1.0-2.20151218.fc23          @updates
mesa-libglapi.armv7hl                   11.1.0-2.20151218.fc23          @updates
mesa-libwayland-egl.armv7hl             11.1.0-2.20151218.fc23          @updates
mesa-libxatracker.armv7hl               11.1.0-2.20151218.fc23          @updates
minizip.armv7hl                         1.2.8-9.fc23                    @fedora 
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch   1.20151214-1.fc23               @updates
mozilla-filesystem.armv7hl              1.9-13.fc23                     @fedora 
mozjs17.armv7hl                         17.0.0-14.fc23                  @updates
mozo.noarch                             1.12.0-1.fc23                   @updates
mpfr.armv7hl                            3.1.3-2.fc23                    @updates
mtdev.armv7hl                           1.1.5-5.fc23                    @fedora 
muParser.armv7hl                        2.2.3-8.fc23                    @fedora 
ncurses.armv7hl                         5.9-21.20150214.fc23            @System 
ncurses-base.noarch                     5.9-21.20150214.fc23            @System 
ncurses-libs.armv7hl                    5.9-21.20150214.fc23            @System 
net-tools.armv7hl                       2.0-0.35.20150915git.fc23       @fedora 
netpbm.armv7hl                          10.71.02-1.fc23                 @fedora 
nettle.armv7hl                          3.2-1.fc23                      @updates
network-manager-applet.armv7hl          1.0.10-1.fc23                   @updates
newt.armv7hl                            0.52.18-3.fc23                  @System 
newt-python.armv7hl                     0.52.18-3.fc23                  @fedora 
newt-python3.armv7hl                    0.52.18-3.fc23                  @System 
nm-connection-editor.armv7hl            1.0.10-1.fc23                   @updates
npth.armv7hl                            1.2-2.fc23                      @System 
nspr.armv7hl                            4.12.0-1.fc23                   @updates
nss.armv7hl                             3.23.0-1.0.fc23                 @updates
nss-softokn.armv7hl                     3.23.0-1.0.fc23                 @updates
nss-softokn-freebl.armv7hl              3.23.0-1.0.fc23                 @updates
nss-sysinit.armv7hl                     3.23.0-1.0.fc23                 @updates
nss-tools.armv7hl                       3.23.0-1.0.fc23                 @updates
nss-util.armv7hl                        3.23.0-1.0.fc23                 @updates
ntfs-3g.armv7hl                         2:2016.2.22-1.fc23              @updates
ntfsprogs.armv7hl                       2:2016.2.22-1.fc23              @updates
ntp.armv7hl                             4.2.6p5-36.fc23                 @updates
ntpdate.armv7hl                         4.2.6p5-36.fc23                 @updates
obexd.armv7hl                           1:0.46-9.fc23                   @fedora 
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                2-3.fc23                        @fedora 
openal-soft.armv7hl                     1.17.1-1.fc23                   @updates
openblas.armv7hl                        0.2.16-3.fc23                   @updates
openblas-devel.armv7hl                  0.2.16-3.fc23                   @updates
openblas-openmp.armv7hl                 0.2.16-3.fc23                   @updates
openblas-threads.armv7hl                0.2.16-3.fc23                   @updates
openconnect.armv7hl                     7.06-3.fc23                     @updates
opencv-core.armv7hl                     2.4.12.3-1.fc23                 @updates
openjade.armv7hl                        1.3.2-48.fc23                   @fedora 
openjpeg-libs.armv7hl                   1.5.1-15.fc23                   @fedora 
openjpeg2.armv7hl                       2.1.0-7.fc23                    @fedora 
openldap.armv7hl                        2.4.40-14.fc23                  @System 
opensp.armv7hl                          1.5.2-22.fc23                   @fedora 
openssh.armv7hl                         7.2p2-3.fc23                    @updates
openssh-clients.armv7hl                 7.2p2-3.fc23                    @updates
openssh-server.armv7hl                  7.2p2-3.fc23                    @updates
openssl.armv7hl                         1:1.0.2g-2.fc23                 @updates
openssl-libs.armv7hl                    1:1.0.2g-2.fc23                 @updates
openvpn.armv7hl                         2.3.10-1.fc23                   @updates
oprofile.armv7hl                        1.1.0-2.fc23                    @updates
opus.armv7hl                            1.1.2-1.fc23                    @updates
orc.armv7hl                             0.4.25-1.fc23                   @updates
p11-kit.armv7hl                         0.23.2-1.fc23                   @updates
p11-kit-trust.armv7hl                   0.23.2-1.fc23                   @updates
pam.armv7hl                             1.2.1-2.fc23                    @System 
pango.armv7hl                           1.38.1-1.fc23                   @fedora 
pango-devel.armv7hl                     1.38.1-1.fc23                   @fedora 
pangomm.armv7hl                         2.38.1-1.fc23                   @fedora 
parole.armv7hl                          0.8.0-3.fc23                    @fedora 
parted.armv7hl                          3.2-18.fc23                     @updates
passwd.armv7hl                          0.79-6.fc23                     @System 
patch.armv7hl                           2.7.5-2.fc23                    @fedora 
pciutils.armv7hl                        3.3.1-2.fc23                    @fedora 
pciutils-libs.armv7hl                   3.3.1-2.fc23                    @fedora 
pcre.armv7hl                            8.38-7.fc23                     @updates
pcsc-lite-libs.armv7hl                  1.8.15-1.fc23                   @updates
perl.armv7hl                            4:5.22.1-351.fc23               @updates
perl-Business-ISBN.noarch               2.09-7.fc23                     @fedora 
perl-Business-ISBN-Data.noarch          20140910.002-3.fc23             @fedora 
perl-Carp.noarch                        1.38-1.fc23                     @updates
perl-Class-Accessor.noarch              0.34-18.fc23                    @fedora 
perl-Class-Data-Inheritable.noarch      0.08-20.fc23                    @fedora 
perl-Class-Singleton.noarch             1.5-3.fc23                      @fedora 
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.armv7hl         2.068-347.fc23                  @fedora 
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.armv7hl          2.068-347.fc23                  @fedora 
perl-Data-Dumper.armv7hl                2.158-347.fc23                  @fedora 
perl-Data-OptList.noarch                0.109-6.fc23                    @fedora 
perl-Data-Section.noarch                0.200006-5.fc23                 @fedora 
perl-Date-ISO8601.noarch                0.004-12.fc23                   @fedora 
perl-DateTime.armv7hl                   2:1.18-3.fc23                   @fedora 
perl-DateTime-Format-Strptime.noarch    1.5600-4.fc23                   @fedora 
perl-DateTime-Locale.noarch             0.46-3.fc23                     @fedora 
perl-DateTime-TimeZone.noarch           1.98-1.fc23                     @updates
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-SystemV.noarch   0.009-5.fc23                    @fedora 
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-Tzfile.noarch    0.010-3.fc23                    @fedora 
perl-Digest.noarch                      1.17-346.fc23                   @fedora 
perl-Digest-HMAC.noarch                 1.03-11.fc23                    @fedora 
perl-Digest-MD5.armv7hl                 2.55-1.fc23                     @updates
perl-Digest-SHA.armv7hl                 1:5.95-347.fc23                 @fedora 
perl-Dist-CheckConflicts.noarch         0.11-5.fc23                     @fedora 
perl-Encode.armv7hl                     3:2.80-4.fc23                   @updates
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch               1.05-3.fc23                     @fedora 
perl-Error.noarch                       1:0.17024-4.fc23                @fedora 
perl-Exporter.noarch                    5.72-347.fc23                   @fedora 
perl-Exporter-Tiny.noarch               0.042-4.fc23                    @fedora 
perl-File-Listing.noarch                6.04-11.fc23                    @fedora 
perl-File-Path.noarch                   2.09-347.fc23                   @fedora 
perl-File-Temp.noarch                   0.23.04-346.fc23                @fedora 
perl-Filter.armv7hl                     2:1.55-1.fc23                   @fedora 
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                 2.48-1.fc23                     @updates
perl-Git.noarch                         2.5.5-1.fc23                    @updates
perl-HTML-Parser.armv7hl                3.71-11.fc23                    @fedora 
perl-HTML-Tagset.noarch                 3.20-24.fc23                    @fedora 
perl-HTTP-Cookies.noarch                6.01-11.fc23                    @fedora 
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                   6.02-12.fc23                    @fedora 
perl-HTTP-Message.noarch                6.11-1.fc23                     @fedora 
perl-HTTP-Negotiate.noarch              6.01-11.fc23                    @fedora 
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                   0.056-3.fc23                    @fedora 
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                 2.068-347.fc23                  @fedora 
perl-IO-HTML.noarch                     1.001-4.fc23                    @fedora 
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                0.37-347.fc23                   @fedora 
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch               2.023-1.fc23                    @updates
perl-JSON.noarch                        2.90-5.fc23                     @fedora 
perl-LWP-MediaTypes.noarch              6.02-8.fc23                     @fedora 
perl-LWP-Protocol-https.noarch          6.06-6.fc23                     @fedora 
perl-List-MoreUtils.armv7hl             0.413-2.fc23                    @fedora 
perl-MIME-Base64.armv7hl                3.15-348.fc23                   @fedora 
perl-MRO-Compat.noarch                  0.12-9.fc23                     @fedora 
perl-Module-Implementation.noarch       0.09-5.fc23                     @fedora 
perl-Module-Load.noarch                 1:0.32-346.fc23                 @fedora 
perl-Module-Runtime.noarch              0.014-6.fc23                    @fedora 
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                  20141217-3.fc23                 @fedora 
perl-NTLM.noarch                        1.09-11.fc23                    @fedora 
perl-Net-HTTP.noarch                    6.09-3.fc23                     @fedora 
perl-Net-OAuth.noarch                   0.28-8.fc23                     @fedora 
perl-Net-SSLeay.armv7hl                 1.71-1.fc23                     @fedora 
perl-Package-Generator.noarch           1.106-5.fc23                    @fedora 
perl-Params-Classify.armv7hl            0.013-14.fc23                   @fedora 
perl-Params-Util.armv7hl                1.07-13.fc23                    @fedora 
perl-Params-Validate.armv7hl            1.23-1.fc23                     @updates
perl-Path-Class.noarch                  0.35-4.fc23                     @fedora 
perl-PathTools.armv7hl                  3.62-1.fc23                     @updates
perl-Perl-OSType.noarch                 1.008-347.fc23                  @fedora 
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                 1:1.07-348.fc23                 @fedora 
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                 3.25-347.fc23                   @fedora 
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                  1:3.31-1.fc23                   @fedora 
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                   4:1.67-3.fc23                   @fedora 
perl-SGMLSpm.noarch                     1.03ii-36.fc23                  @fedora 
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.armv7hl          2:1.43-1.fc23                   @updates
perl-Socket.armv7hl                     3:2.021-1.fc23                  @updates
perl-Software-License.noarch            0.103010-5.fc23                 @fedora 
perl-Storable.armv7hl                   1:2.53-346.fc23                 @fedora 
perl-Sub-Exporter.noarch                0.987-6.fc23                    @fedora 
perl-Sub-Install.noarch                 0.928-6.fc23                    @fedora 
perl-Sub-Name.armv7hl                   0.14-3.fc23                     @fedora 
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch              4.03-346.fc23                   @fedora 
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                    1.17-1.fc23                     @fedora 
perl-TermReadKey.armv7hl                2.33-3.fc23                     @fedora 
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch             3.30-346.fc23                   @fedora 
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch              2013.0523-346.fc23              @fedora 
perl-Text-Template.noarch               1.46-3.fc23                     @fedora 
perl-Thread-Queue.noarch                3.07-1.fc23                     @updates
perl-Time-HiRes.armv7hl                 1.9728-1.fc23                   @updates
perl-Time-Local.noarch                  1.2300-346.fc23                 @fedora 
perl-TimeDate.noarch                    1:2.30-7.fc23                   @fedora 
perl-Try-Tiny.noarch                    0.22-6.fc23                     @fedora 
perl-URI.noarch                         1.69-1.fc23                     @fedora 
perl-Unicode-Normalize.armv7hl          1.24-1.fc23                     @updates
perl-WWW-RobotRules.noarch              6.02-12.fc23                    @fedora 
perl-WebService-Dropbox.noarch          1.22-4.fc23                     @fedora 
perl-XML-Parser.armv7hl                 2.44-3.fc23                     @fedora 
perl-constant.noarch                    1.33-347.fc23                   @fedora 
perl-encoding.armv7hl                   3:2.17-4.fc23                   @updates
perl-libnet.noarch                      3.08-1.fc23                     @updates
perl-libs.armv7hl                       4:5.22.1-351.fc23               @updates
perl-libwww-perl.noarch                 6.15-1.fc23                     @updates
perl-macros.armv7hl                     4:5.22.1-351.fc23               @updates
perl-open.noarch                        1.10-351.fc23                   @updates
perl-parent.noarch                      1:0.234-3.fc23                  @fedora 
perl-podlators.noarch                   2.5.3-347.fc23                  @fedora 
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                 1-17.fc23                       @fedora 
perl-threads.armv7hl                    1:2.02-2.fc23                   @fedora 
perl-threads-shared.armv7hl             1.48-346.fc23                   @fedora 
pilot-link-libs.armv7hl                 2:0.12.5-25.fc23                @fedora 
pinentry.armv7hl                        0.9.6-4.fc23                    @updates
pinentry-gnome3.armv7hl                 0.9.6-4.fc23                    @updates
pixman.armv7hl                          0.34.0-1.fc23                   @updates
pixman-devel.armv7hl                    0.34.0-1.fc23                   @updates
pkcs11-helper.armv7hl                   1.11-7.fc23                     @fedora 
pkgconfig.armv7hl                       1:0.28-9.fc23                   @System 
pluma.armv7hl                           1.12.2-1.fc23                   @updates
pluma-data.noarch                       1.12.2-1.fc23                   @updates
plymouth.armv7hl                        0.8.9-11.2013.08.14.fc23        @updates
plymouth-core-libs.armv7hl              0.8.9-11.2013.08.14.fc23        @updates
plymouth-scripts.armv7hl                0.8.9-11.2013.08.14.fc23        @updates
policycoreutils.armv7hl                 2.4-21.fc23                     @updates
policycoreutils-python-utils.armv7hl    2.4-21.fc23                     @updates
policycoreutils-python3.armv7hl         2.4-21.fc23                     @updates
polkit.armv7hl                          0.113-4.fc23                    @System 
polkit-gnome.armv7hl                    0.105-9.fc23                    @fedora 
polkit-libs.armv7hl                     0.113-4.fc23                    @System 
polkit-pkla-compat.armv7hl              0.1-6.fc23                      @System 
poly2tri.armv7hl                        0.0-10.20130501hg26242d0aa7b8.fc23
                                                                        @fedora 
poppler.armv7hl                         0.34.0-2.fc23                   @updates
poppler-data.noarch                     0.4.7-4.fc23                    @fedora 
poppler-glib.armv7hl                    0.34.0-2.fc23                   @updates
popt.armv7hl                            1.16-6.fc23                     @System 
ppp.armv7hl                             2.4.7-8.fc23                    @System 
pptp.armv7hl                            1.8.0-7.fc23                    @fedora 
procps-ng.armv7hl                       3.3.10-9.fc23                   @System 
psmisc.armv7hl                          22.21-7.fc23                    @fedora 
pulseaudio.armv7hl                      7.1-1.fc23                      @updates
pulseaudio-libs.armv7hl                 7.1-1.fc23                      @updates
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.armv7hl           7.1-1.fc23                      @updates
pulseaudio-module-bluetooth.armv7hl     7.1-1.fc23                      @updates
pycairo.armv7hl                         1.10.0-2.fc23                   @fedora 
pygobject2.armv7hl                      2.28.6-14.fc23                  @fedora 
pygpgme.armv7hl                         0.3-13.fc23                     @fedora 
pygtk2.armv7hl                          2.24.0-14.fc23                  @updates
pygtk2-libglade.armv7hl                 2.24.0-14.fc23                  @updates
pygtksourceview.armv7hl                 2.10.1-11.fc23                  @fedora 
pyliblzma.armv7hl                       0.5.3-14.fc23                   @fedora 
python.armv7hl                          2.7.11-3.fc23                   @updates
python-CDDB.armv7hl                     1.4-15.fc23                     @fedora 
python-IPy-python3.noarch               0.81-13.fc23                    @fedora 
python-alsa.armv7hl                     1.0.29-2.fc23                   @fedora 
python-chardet.noarch                   2.2.1-3.fc23                    @fedora 
python-devel.armv7hl                    2.7.11-3.fc23                   @updates
python-ethtool.armv7hl                  0.11-5.fc23                     @fedora 
python-gobject.armv7hl                  3.18.2-1.fc23                   @updates
python-gobject-base.armv7hl             3.18.2-1.fc23                   @updates
python-iniparse.noarch                  0.4-16.fc23                     @fedora 
python-kitchen.noarch                   1.2.1-3.fc23                    @fedora 
python-libs.armv7hl                     2.7.11-3.fc23                   @updates
python-libxml2.armv7hl                  2.9.3-2.fc23                    @updates
python-mutagen.noarch                   1.29-2.fc23                     @fedora 
python-pip.noarch                       7.1.0-1.fc23                    @fedora 
python-pthreading.noarch                0.1.3-4.fc23                    @fedora 
python-pwquality.armv7hl                1.3.0-2.fc23                    @fedora 
python-pycurl.armv7hl                   7.19.5.1-4.fc23                 @updates
python-rpm-macros.noarch                3-7.fc23                        @updates
python-setuptools.noarch                18.0.1-2.fc23                   @fedora 
python-six.noarch                       1.9.0-3.fc23                    @fedora 
python-slip.noarch                      0.6.4-1.fc23                    @fedora 
python-srpm-macros.noarch               3-7.fc23                        @updates
python-urlgrabber.noarch                3.10.1-7.fc23                   @fedora 
python-xpyb.armv7hl                     1.3.1-5.fc23                    @fedora 
python2-blockdev.armv7hl                1.3-5.fc23                      @updates
python2-pexpect.noarch                  4.0.1-4.fc23                    @updates
python2-ptyprocess.noarch               0.5.1-1.fc23                    @updates
python2-rpm-macros.noarch               3-7.fc23                        @updates
python3.armv7hl                         3.4.3-6.fc23                    @updates
python3-augeas.noarch                   0.5.0-3.fc23                    @fedora 
python3-blivet.noarch                   1:1.12.8-1.fc23                 @System 
python3-blockdev.armv7hl                1.3-5.fc23                      @updates
python3-cairo.armv7hl                   1.10.0-12.fc23                  @fedora 
python3-chardet.noarch                  2.2.1-3.fc23                    @System 
python3-coverage.armv7hl                4.0.3-1.fc23                    @updates
python3-cssselect.noarch                0.9.1-6.fc23                    @fedora 
python3-cups.armv7hl                    1.9.72-2.fc23                   @fedora 
python3-dbus.armv7hl                    1.2.0-12.fc23                   @updates
python3-decorator.noarch                3.4.2-2.fc23                    @System 
python3-devel.armv7hl                   3.4.3-6.fc23                    @updates
python3-dmidecode.armv7hl               3.12.2-1.fc23                   @fedora 
python3-dnf.noarch                      1.1.8-1.fc23                    @updates
python3-dnf-langpacks.noarch            0.15.1-1.fc23                   @fedora 
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch         0.1.20-1.fc23                   @updates
python3-dnfdaemon.noarch                0.3.11-1.fc23                   @updates
python3-firewall.noarch                 0.4.0-2.fc23                    @updates
python3-gobject.armv7hl                 3.18.2-1.fc23                   @updates
python3-gobject-base.armv7hl            3.18.2-1.fc23                   @updates
python3-hawkey.armv7hl                  0.6.2-3.fc23                    @updates
python3-humanize.noarch                 0.5.1-2.fc23                    @fedora 
python3-iniparse.noarch                 0.4-16.fc23                     @System 
python3-inotify.noarch                  0.9.6-2.fc23                    @fedora 
python3-iscsi-initiator-utils.armv7hl   6.2.0.873-29.git4c9d6f9.fc23    @updates
python3-javapackages.noarch             4.6.0-8.fc23                    @updates
python3-kickstart.noarch                2.13-1.fc23                     @System 
python3-libcomps.armv7hl                0.1.7-1.fc23                    @System 
python3-librepo.armv7hl                 1.7.16-2.fc23                   @System 
python3-libs.armv7hl                    3.4.3-6.fc23                    @updates
python3-libxml2.armv7hl                 2.9.3-2.fc23                    @updates
python3-lxml.armv7hl                    3.4.4-1.fc23                    @fedora 
python3-meh.noarch                      0.43-1.fc23                     @System 
python3-meh-gui.noarch                  0.43-1.fc23                     @fedora 
python3-ntplib.noarch                   0.3.3-1.fc23                    @System 
python3-pid.noarch                      2.0.1-2.fc23                    @System 
python3-pip.noarch                      7.1.0-1.fc23                    @System 
python3-pwquality.armv7hl               1.3.0-2.fc23                    @System 
python3-pycurl.armv7hl                  7.19.5.1-4.fc23                 @updates
python3-pygpgme.armv7hl                 0.3-13.fc23                     @System 
python3-pyparted.armv7hl                1:3.10.7-1.fc23                 @System 
python3-pytz.noarch                     2015.4-1.fc23                   @System 
python3-pyudev.noarch                   0.19.0-1.fc23                   @updates
python3-pyxdg.noarch                    0.25-6.fc23                     @fedora 
python3-requests.noarch                 2.9.1-1.fc23                    @updates
python3-requests-file.noarch            1.4-1.fc23                      @System 
python3-requests-ftp.noarch             0.3.1-1.fc23                    @System 
python3-rpm-macros.noarch               3-7.fc23                        @updates
python3-setuptools.noarch               18.0.1-2.fc23                   @System 
python3-six.noarch                      1.9.0-3.fc23                    @System 
python3-slip.noarch                     0.6.4-1.fc23                    @System 
python3-slip-dbus.noarch                0.6.4-1.fc23                    @System 
python3-sssdconfig.noarch               1.13.4-2.fc23                   @updates
python3-systemd.armv7hl                 231-4.fc23                      @updates
python3-urllib3.noarch                  1.13.1-3.fc23                   @updates
pyxattr.armv7hl                         0.5.3-5.fc23                    @fedora 
pyxdg.noarch                            0.25-6.fc23                     @fedora 
qrencode-libs.armv7hl                   3.4.2-5.fc23                    @System 
qt.armv7hl                              1:4.8.7-12.fc23                 @updates
qt-common.noarch                        1:4.8.7-12.fc23                 @updates
qt-devel.armv7hl                        1:4.8.7-12.fc23                 @updates
qt-gstreamer.armv7hl                    1.2.0-8.fc23                    @fedora 
qt-gstreamer-devel.armv7hl              1.2.0-8.fc23                    @fedora 
qt-settings.noarch                      23-11.fc23.1                    @updates
qt-x11.armv7hl                          1:4.8.7-12.fc23                 @updates
qt3.armv7hl                             3.3.8b-65.fc23                  @fedora 
qt3-devel.armv7hl                       3.3.8b-65.fc23                  @fedora 
qt5-gstreamer.armv7hl                   1.2.0-8.fc23                    @fedora 
qt5-gstreamer-devel.armv7hl             1.2.0-8.fc23                    @fedora 
qt5-qt3d.armv7hl                        5.6.0-2.fc23                    @updates
qt5-qt3d-devel.armv7hl                  5.6.0-2.fc23                    @updates
qt5-qtbase.armv7hl                      5.6.0-9.fc23                    @updates
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                5.6.0-9.fc23                    @updates
qt5-qtbase-devel.armv7hl                5.6.0-9.fc23                    @updates
qt5-qtbase-gui.armv7hl                  5.6.0-9.fc23                    @updates
qt5-qtbase-static.armv7hl               5.6.0-9.fc23                    @updates
qt5-qtdeclarative.armv7hl               5.6.0-4.fc23                    @updates
qt5-qtdeclarative-devel.armv7hl         5.6.0-4.fc23                    @updates
qt5-qtimageformats.armv7hl              5.6.0-3.fc23                    @updates
qt5-qtlocation.armv7hl                  5.6.0-3.fc23                    @updates
qt5-qtquick1.armv7hl                    5.6.0-3.fc23                    @updates
qt5-qtscript.armv7hl                    5.6.0-3.fc23                    @updates
qt5-qtsensors.armv7hl                   5.6.0-3.fc23                    @updates
qt5-qtwebchannel.armv7hl                5.6.0-3.fc23                    @updates
qt5-qtwebkit.armv7hl                    5.6.0-3.fc23                    @updates
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.armv7hl               5.6.0-4.fc23                    @updates
qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                   5.6.0-9.fc23                    @updates
readline.armv7hl                        6.3-6.fc23                      @System 
realmd.armv7hl                          0.16.2-1.fc23                   @System 
recode.armv7hl                          3.6-41.fc23                     @fedora 
recordmydesktop.armv7hl                 0.3.8.1-15.fc23                 @fedora 
redhat-menus.noarch                     12.0.2-9.fc23                   @fedora 
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                36-1.fc23.1                     @updates
rest.armv7hl                            0.7.93-2.fc23                   @fedora 
rootfiles.noarch                        8.1-18.fc23                     @System 
rpm.armv7hl                             4.13.0-0.rc1.13.fc23            @updates
rpm-build-libs.armv7hl                  4.13.0-0.rc1.13.fc23            @updates
rpm-libs.armv7hl                        4.13.0-0.rc1.13.fc23            @updates
rpm-plugin-selinux.armv7hl              4.13.0-0.rc1.13.fc23            @updates
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.armv7hl      4.13.0-0.rc1.13.fc23            @updates
rpm-python.armv7hl                      4.13.0-0.rc1.13.fc23            @updates
rpm-python3.armv7hl                     4.13.0-0.rc1.13.fc23            @updates
rpmfusion-free-release.noarch           23-0.1                          @@commandline
rpmfusion-nonfree-release.noarch        23-0.1                          @@commandline
rsync.armv7hl                           3.1.1-8.fc23                    @updates
rtkit.armv7hl                           0.11-11.fc23                    @fedora 
samba-client-libs.armv7hl               2:4.3.8-0.fc23                  @updates
samba-common.noarch                     2:4.3.8-0.fc23                  @updates
sane-backends-libs.armv7hl              1.0.25-1.fc23                   @fedora 
satyr.armv7hl                           0.20-1.fc23                     @System 
sbc.armv7hl                             1.3-3.fc23                      @fedora 
schroedinger.armv7hl                    1.0.11-9.fc23                   @fedora 
seahorse.armv7hl                        3.18.0-2.fc23                   @fedora 
sed.armv7hl                             4.2.2-11.fc23                   @System 
selinux-policy.noarch                   3.13.1-158.14.fc23              @updates
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch          3.13.1-158.14.fc23              @updates
setools-libs.armv7hl                    3.3.8-8.fc23                    @updates
setroubleshoot.armv7hl                  3.3.5-3.fc23                    @updates
setroubleshoot-plugins.noarch           3.3.3-1.fc23                    @updates
setroubleshoot-server.armv7hl           3.3.5-3.fc23                    @updates
setup.noarch                            2.10.1-1.fc23                   @updates
sgml-common.noarch                      0.6.3-43.fc23                   @fedora 
sgpio.armv7hl                           1.2.0.10-15.fc23                @System 
shadow-utils.armv7hl                    2:4.2.1-8.fc23                  @updates
shared-mime-info.armv7hl                1.5-2.fc23                      @System 
simple-scan.armv7hl                     3.18.2-1.fc23                   @updates
slang.armv7hl                           2.3.0-4.fc23                    @System 
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch          0.8-5.fc23                      @fedora 
source-highlight.armv7hl                3.1.8-4.fc23                    @fedora 
soxr.armv7hl                            0.1.2-1.fc23                    @fedora 
speex.armv7hl                           1.2-0.24.rc2.fc23               @fedora 
speexdsp.armv7hl                        1.2-0.7.rc3.fc23                @updates
sqlite.armv7hl                          3.11.0-3.fc23                   @updates
sqlite-libs.armv7hl                     3.11.0-3.fc23                   @updates
startup-notification.armv7hl            0.12-10.fc23                    @fedora 
stoken-libs.armv7hl                     0.90-2.fc23                     @fedora 
strace.armv7hl                          4.11-1.fc23                     @updates
subunit.armv7hl                         1.2.0-1.fc23                    @updates
subunit-devel.armv7hl                   1.2.0-1.fc23                    @updates
sudo.armv7hl                            1.8.15-1.fc23                   @updates
system-config-date.noarch               1.10.9-1.fc23                   @fedora 
system-config-language.noarch           3.3.0-2.fc23                    @updates
system-config-network.armv7hl           1.6.11-6.fc23                   @fedora 
system-config-printer.armv7hl           1.5.7-5.fc23                    @fedora 
system-config-printer-libs.noarch       1.5.7-5.fc23                    @fedora 
system-config-users.noarch              1.3.8-1.fc23                    @fedora 
systemd.armv7hl                         222-14.fc23                     @updates
systemd-compat-libs.armv7hl             222-14.fc23                     @updates
systemd-devel.armv7hl                   222-14.fc23                     @updates
systemd-libs.armv7hl                    222-14.fc23                     @updates
taglib.armv7hl                          1.10-1.fc23                     @updates
tar.armv7hl                             2:1.28-6.fc23                   @fedora 
tcp_wrappers-libs.armv7hl               7.6-81.fc23                     @System 
teamd.armv7hl                           1.23-1.fc23                     @updates
tesseract.armv7hl                       3.04.01-1.fc23                  @updates
tesseract-devel.armv7hl                 3.04.01-1.fc23                  @updates
texlive-kpathsea-lib.armv7hl            4:2014-19.20140525_r34255.fc23  @updates
thunderbird.armv7hl                     45.0-4.fc23                     @updates
tigervnc-license.noarch                 1.6.0-1.fc23                    @updates
tigervnc-server-minimal.armv7hl         1.6.0-1.fc23                    @updates
timedatex.armv7hl                       0.3-3.fc23                      @System 
totem-pl-parser.armv7hl                 3.10.5-2.fc23                   @fedora 
transmission-common.armv7hl             2.92-1.fc23                     @updates
transmission-gtk.armv7hl                2.92-1.fc23                     @updates
trousers-lib.armv7hl                    0.3.13-5.fc23                   @fedora 
ttmkfdir.armv7hl                        3.0.9-46.fc23                   @fedora 
twolame-libs.armv7hl                    0.3.13-4.fc22                   @rpmfusion-free
tzdata.noarch                           2016d-1.fc23                    @updates
tzdata-java.noarch                      2016d-1.fc23                    @updates
uboot-images-armv7.noarch               2015.07-5.fc23                  @System 
uboot-tools.armv7hl                     2015.07-5.fc23                  @System 
udisks2.armv7hl                         2.1.7-1.fc23                    @updates
unbound-libs.armv7hl                    1.5.8-2.fc23                    @updates
unique.armv7hl                          1.1.6-14.fc23                   @fedora 
unzip.armv7hl                           6.0-24.fc23                     @updates
upower.armv7hl                          0.99.3-3.fc23                   @updates
urw-fonts.noarch                        3:2.4-21.fc23                   @fedora 
usb_modeswitch.armv7hl                  2.2.5-1.fc23                    @System 
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch              20151101-1.fc23                 @updates
usbmuxd.armv7hl                         1.1.0-5.fc23                    @fedora 
usermode.armv7hl                        1.111-7.fc23                    @fedora 
ustr.armv7hl                            1.0.4-18.fc22                   @System 
util-linux.armv7hl                      2.28-1.fc23                     @updates
valgrind.armv7hl                        1:3.11.0-18.fc23                @updates
vim-common.armv7hl                      2:7.4.1718-1.fc23               @updates
vim-enhanced.armv7hl                    2:7.4.1718-1.fc23               @updates
vim-filesystem.armv7hl                  2:7.4.1718-1.fc23               @updates
vim-minimal.armv7hl                     2:7.4.1718-1.fc23               @updates
vlc.armv7hl                             2.2.2-1.fc23                    @rpmfusion-free-updates-testing
vlc-core.armv7hl                        2.2.2-1.fc23                    @rpmfusion-free-updates-testing
volume_key-libs.armv7hl                 0.3.9-8.fc23                    @System 
vpnc.armv7hl                            0.5.3-26.svn550.fc23            @fedora 
vpnc-script.noarch                      20140805-3.gitdf5808b.fc23      @fedora 
vte.armv7hl                             0.28.2-16.fc23                  @fedora 
wavpack.armv7hl                         4.80.0-1.fc23                   @updates
web-assets-filesystem.noarch            5-3.fc23                        @fedora 
webkitgtk.armv7hl                       2.4.11-1.fc23                   @updates
webkitgtk3.armv7hl                      2.4.11-1.fc23                   @updates
webkitgtk4.armv7hl                      2.12.2-2.fc23                   @updates
webkitgtk4-jsc.armv7hl                  2.12.2-2.fc23                   @updates
webrtc-audio-processing.armv7hl         0.1-10.fc23                     @fedora 
wget.armv7hl                            1.17.1-1.fc23                   @updates
which.armv7hl                           2.20-12.fc23                    @fedora 
wireless-tools.armv7hl                  1:29-13.1.fc23                  @fedora 
wpa_supplicant.armv7hl                  1:2.4-7.fc23                    @updates
wpa_supplicant-gui.armv7hl              1:2.4-7.fc23                    @updates
wxBase3.armv7hl                         3.0.2-17.fc23                   @updates
wxGTK3.armv7hl                          3.0.2-17.fc23                   @updates
x264-libs.armv7hnl                      0.148-5.20160118git5c65704.fc23 @rpmfusion-free-updates-testing
x265-libs.armv7hl                       1.8-1.fc23                      @rpmfusion-free-updates-testing
xalan-j2.noarch                         2.7.1-27.fc23                   @fedora 
xcb-util.armv7hl                        0.4.0-3.fc23                    @fedora 
xcb-util-image.armv7hl                  0.4.0-3.fc23                    @fedora 
xcb-util-keysyms.armv7hl                0.4.0-2.fc23                    @fedora 
xcb-util-renderutil.armv7hl             0.3.9-4.fc23                    @fedora 
xcb-util-wm.armv7hl                     0.4.1-6.fc23                    @fedora 
xdg-user-dirs.armv7hl                   0.15-7.fc23                     @fedora 
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.armv7hl               0.10-8.fc23                     @fedora 
xdg-utils.noarch                        1.1.1-3.fc23                    @updates
xemacs-filesystem.noarch                21.5.34-12.20150929hga76c9268bb72.fc23
                                                                        @fedora 
xerces-j2.noarch                        2.11.0-23.fc23                  @fedora 
xfburn.armv7hl                          0.5.4-3.fc23                    @fedora 
xfconf.armv7hl                          4.12.0-3.fc23                   @fedora 
xfsprogs.armv7hl                        4.5.0-1.fc23                    @updates
xkeyboard-config.noarch                 2.16-2.fc23                     @updates
xl2tpd.armv7hl                          1.3.6-9.fc23                    @fedora 
xml-common.noarch                       0.6.3-43.fc23                   @fedora 
xml-commons-apis.noarch                 1.4.01-19.fc23                  @fedora 
xml-commons-resolver.noarch             1.2-18.fc23                     @fedora 
xmlrpc-c.armv7hl                        1.32.5-1908.svn2451.fc23        @System 
xmlrpc-c-client.armv7hl                 1.32.5-1908.svn2451.fc23        @System 
xorg-x11-drivers.armv7hl                7.7-15.fc23                     @fedora 
xorg-x11-drv-armsoc.armv7hl             1.3.0-4.20150531.fc23           @fedora 
xorg-x11-drv-ati.armv7hl                7.6.1-3.20160215gitd41fccc.fc23 @updates
xorg-x11-drv-dummy.armv7hl              0.3.6-24.fc23                   @fedora 
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.armv7hl              2.9.99-2.20150807git66c997886.fc23
                                                                        @fedora 
xorg-x11-drv-fbdev.armv7hl              0.4.3-23.fc23                   @fedora 
xorg-x11-drv-fbturbo.armv7hl            0.5.1-0.5.20150221.fc23         @fedora 
xorg-x11-drv-freedreno.armv7hl          1.3.0-5.fc23                    @fedora 
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.armv7hl            1:1.0.12-3.fc23                 @updates
xorg-x11-drv-qxl.armv7hl                0.1.4-6.fc23                    @fedora 
xorg-x11-drv-synaptics.armv7hl          1.8.3-1.fc23                    @updates
xorg-x11-drv-v4l.armv7hl                0.2.0-45.fc23                   @fedora 
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.armv7hl              0.30.0-4.fc23                   @updates
xorg-x11-font-utils.armv7hl             1:7.5-29.fc23                   @fedora 
xorg-x11-fonts-Type1.noarch             7.5-15.fc23                     @fedora 
xorg-x11-fonts-misc.noarch              7.5-15.fc23                     @fedora 
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch             7.7-18.fc23                     @updates
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.armv7hl            1.18.3-1.fc23                   @System 
xorg-x11-server-common.armv7hl          1.18.3-1.fc23                   @updates
xorg-x11-server-utils.armv7hl           7.7-17.fc23                     @updates
xorg-x11-xauth.armv7hl                  1:1.0.9-4.fc23                  @fedora 
xorg-x11-xdm.armv7hl                    1:1.1.11-9.fc23                 @fedora 
xorg-x11-xinit.armv7hl                  1.3.4-10.fc23                   @fedora 
xorg-x11-xkb-utils.armv7hl              7.7-16.fc23                     @updates
xvidcore.armv7hl                        1.3.4-2.fc23                    @rpmfusion-free-updates-testing
xz.armv7hl                              5.2.1-3.fc23                    @System 
xz-devel.armv7hl                        5.2.1-3.fc23                    @fedora 
xz-libs.armv7hl                         5.2.1-3.fc23                    @System 
yelp.armv7hl                            2:3.17.2-3.fc23                 @fedora 
yelp-libs.armv7hl                       2:3.17.2-3.fc23                 @fedora 
yelp-tools.noarch                       3.18.0-1.fc23                   @fedora 
yelp-xsl.noarch                         3.18.1-1.fc23                   @fedora 
yum.noarch                              3.4.3-507.fc23                  @fedora 
yum-metadata-parser.armv7hl             1.1.4-15.fc23                   @fedora 
yumex.noarch                            3.0.17-2.fc23                   @fedora 
yumex-dnf.noarch                        4.1.6-1.fc23                    @updates
zd1211-firmware.noarch                  1.4-11.fc23                     @System 
zenity.armv7hl                          3.18.1.1-1.fc23                 @updates
zip.armv7hl                             3.0-15.fc23                     @fedora 
zlib.armv7hl                            1.2.8-9.fc23                    @System 
zlib-devel.armv7hl                      1.2.8-9.fc23                    @fedora 
zvbi.armv7hl                            0.2.35-1.fc23                   @updates
